= 16 June 2025 (APAC)

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/play/yy2cyOwXrac-J4F-altoNz44YytWAFOr3_X_D5IeEHCIt09gsQod0e0HcH-nMTQDb85_z2uhfND8Ios.otOAFksQTvBTTRfc?eagerLoadZvaPages=sidemenu.billing.plan_management&accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fus02web.zoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2F0uzuAkTWTjTtChND29R9JbVRbO_rOZvXsuKvSmC_lCdWn4mnv03M-jMfM-oE3nzH.-plwfV2gmOvxieVh[Meeting recording] (58m)

== Attendees

* Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* John Phillips, Sezoo
* Victor Lu, independent consultant

== Meeting notes

=== Review previous action items

ðŸŽ¥ _4'11":_ Reviewed previous action items.

* Eric to work with Andrew, Richard, Phillippe to address outstanding concerns in PR 4. â†’ NOT DONE (although covered effectively in NA/EU meeting)

* Luke to move part of identity assertion spec to credential schemas WG? â†’ Proposals reviewed and discussed. Agreed that Eric would sit in on upcoming CSWG to understand further. Not removing specs from CAWG custody yet.

=== Readout from CAI Summit

ðŸŽ¥ _4'52":_ Brief recap of readout from link:https://www.contentauthenticitysummit.com[Content Authenticity Summit], which was held at Cornell Tech in New York City on 4 June 2025. See notes xref:2025/2025-06-16-na-eu.adoc#_readout_from_cai_summit[from NA/EU meeting].

Related discussions about:

* ðŸŽ¥ _6'09":_ Renaming identity assertion to attribution assertion
* ðŸŽ¥ _11'03":_ Engaging social platform vendors
* ðŸŽ¥ _13'40":_ Using C2PA+CAWG for government use cases
* ðŸŽ¥ _16'03":_ Agentic identity
* ðŸŽ¥ _25'18":_ Real-world examples / existing code available?

=== Review existing PRs against metadata assertion

ðŸŽ¥ _30'00":_ Briefly discussed outcomes from xref:2025/2025-06-16-na-eu.adoc#_review_metadata_assertion_pr_2_update_c2pa_technical_spec_references_to_use_version_2_2[from NA/EU meeting] regarding open pull requests against the 1.2 metadata assertion draft.

=== Incoming identity assertion spec requests

ðŸŽ¥ _32'21":_ Briefly called attention to upcoming requests for the identity assertion spec. Will discuss further in upcoming meetings.

* link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/233[#233: Linked web sites with annotations]
* (No ticket yet) Provide mechanism for CAWG X.509 users (enterprises) to describe social media
* Review link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/milestone/10[`post-1.1` milestone] and transfer issues to 1.2 milestone

=== Apple announcement about document verification API

ðŸŽ¥ _36'14":_ Brief discussion about Apple's announcement at WWDC that document verification APIs would be added to iOS 26, expected later this year.

=== Agentic identity

ðŸŽ¥ _40'36":_ Open discussion: What should we be tuning in to?
