= 15 December 2025

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/4CbVQIknubHuzZmxMlKqn4XOmZ7Y3OuHle5Xg95xlZQfVDSnIQXVZ953rssjV57k.BFpOQV-ihb-reSZb[Meeting recording] (1h03m)

== Attendees

* Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa
* Charlie Halford, BBC
* Daniel Saeuberli, DIDAS
* Dom Guinard, SSL.com
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Erik Passoja, SAG/AFTRA
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* Grace Rachmany, DIF
* Jenny Pretz, DDEX/RIAA
* Jeremy Uzan, Universal Music
* Karla McKenna, GLEIF
* Luke Nispel, OriginVault
* Makki Elfatih, HKDolts
* Nathan Freitas, ProofMode
* Nicholas Salvemini, Adobe
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Pia Blumenthal, Adobe
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Philippe Mougin, AFP
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Santiago Lyon, Adobe
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Utkarsh Sharma, Vlinder
* Vasily Suvorov, accelerate.swiss
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Meeting notes

=== New members introduction

* ðŸŽ¥ _5'13":_ Dom Guinard, SSL.com
* ðŸŽ¥ _5'59":_ Grace Rachmany, DIF

=== Review previous action items

ðŸŽ¥ _7'20":_ Review of existing action items, both of which will carry on into the new year.

* *ACTION:* Group to add language to UX guidance doc to address Pierre Mougin's concern that we have two potential locations to state publisher identity (metadata assertion vs identity assertion). -> Will result in revisions to metadata assertion.
* *ACTION:* Eric to work with Scott on https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/247[spinning up a trust registry task force (issue #247)] and with Andrew on spinning up a VC integration task force. -> Will spin up in new year.

=== Re-ratify CAWG identity 1.2

ðŸŽ¥ _8'26":_ PROPOSAL: Re-approve the https://cawg.io/identity/1.2+rework-verifiable-identifier/[CAWG identity assertion 1.2] given changes requested by DIF SC.

*OUTCOME:* Approved.

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to mark 1.2 as SC approved and publish.

=== Ratify UX guidance document?

ðŸŽ¥ _17'49":_ PROPOSAL: Approve the https://cawg.io/ux-guidance/1.0-draft+initial-draft/[UX guidance draft document] and submit to DIF SC for approval.

*OUTCOME:* Conditionally approved, but needs the TO DO abstract item populated.

*ACTION:* Pia to submit abstract text to Eric. Eric to then publish to group for online approval.

=== Meet on 22 December?

ðŸŽ¥ _19'50":_ The alternate-week meeting next Monday is still on the calendar. Will there be critical mass for that, or should we defer until first meeting in January?

Reminder: Full CAWG meeting on 29 December is cancelled for holiday cheer and travel.

*ACTION:* Eric to cancel 22 December meeting. Scott to organize 5 January meeting.

=== Re-discuss: Offline resolution of verifiable identifiers

ðŸŽ¥ _21'33":_ What guidance (if any) should we offer to CAWG identity assertion consumers who need to operate in network-constrained environments?

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to create issue queueing up further discussion on this topic. See https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/249[issue #249: Add guidance regarding required network calls for validating credentials].

=== Ad-hoc discussion: Work for 2026

ðŸŽ¥ _30'14":_ Discussed a number of topics that will guide CAWG's work in 2026, including:

* ðŸŽ¥ _30'14":_ Creating a relationship matrix for the potentially many roles involved in C2PA+CAWG signing.
+
*ACTION:* Eric to work with Daniel to organize a subgroup to kick off work on relationship matrix.

* ðŸŽ¥ _34'38":_ Role of individuals _within_ an organization.
* ðŸŽ¥ _39'57":_ Potential role of vLEIs.
* ðŸŽ¥ _57'01":_ Potential description of endorsements (i.e. named actor is a member of ___).
