= 17 June 2024
:page-aliases: 2024-06-17.adoc

link:https://youtu.be/e9GnR70kusc[Meeting recording]

== Attendees

* Andy Rosen
* Candice Ward
* Christian Paquin, Microsoft
* Clement Hecquet, Digimarc
* Cole Davis, Switchchord
* Drummond Reed, Gen Digital
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Jesse Carter, CIRA
* Karen Kilroy, FileBaby
* Konrad Bleyer-Simon, Global Media Registry
* Lindsay Walker, Starling Labs
* Loren Hart, Noosphere Technologies
* Lorie Groth, Digicert
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Olaf Steenfadt, Global Media Registry
* Patrick Boehler, independent consultant
* Pia Blumenthal, Adobe
* Radu Ghiorghisor, Adobe
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Sébastien Testeau, Radio Canada
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Notes

=== New members introduction

* 🎥 _1'20":_ Richard W. Kroon, EIDR

=== Review PR #125: Define human trust and technical trust

🎥 _2'00":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/125/files[PR #125], which adds definitions for human trust and technical trust as per discussion two weeks ago.

*ACTION:* Eric to revise PR with following feedback:

* 🎥 _2'48" (via Drummond):_ Review Trust Over IP glossary, which evolved from the CIRA doc that I previously cited.
* 🎥 _6'35" (via Olaf):_ Add clarification that technical trust is objective and human trust is subjective.
* 🎥 _9'08" (via Scott):_ Or maybe it’s not objective/subjective as previously stated?

=== Review PR #124: Name collisions apply to organizations, too

🎥 _12'16":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/124/files[PR #124], which adds a quick note to signal that name collisions apply to individuals and organizations.

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge PR.

=== Re-review PR #119: Change the definition of `expected_countersigners` to require the expected `signer_payload` for other identity assertions

🎥 _15'20":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/119/files[PR #119], which refines how we describe expected _other_ identity assertions in the same C2PA Manifest.

Updated with requested changes from Nigel and Paul.

*ACTION:* Eric to re-revise PR with recent feedback from Nigel. OK from group to merge if Paul and Nigel approve latest draft.

=== Discuss remaining 1.0 TO DO issues

🎥 _19'40":_ We have TO DO items to provide guidance for four remaining issues, mostly to do with threat modelling:

* 🎥 _20'24":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/115[#115: Provide meaningful differentiation between similarly-named actors] – *ACTION (✅):* Move to `1.x-add-vc` milestone. Potentially relevant there.
* 🎥 _30'31":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/116[#116: Add guidance regarding parsing and validation errors] – *ACTION (✅):* Eric to propose new language. (link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/127[PR #127])
* 🎥 _33'35":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/117[#117: Add guidance for homoglyph and typo-squatting attacks] – *ACTION (✅):* Eric to propose new language. (link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/128[PR #128])
* 🎥 _36'29":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/108[#108: Expand on distinction between provenance and rights management] (not threat model) – *ACTION (✅):* Move to `1.x-add-vc` milestone. Potentially relevant there.

Can we provide meaningful guidance in a short timeline for these? If not, do these need to be blockers for 1.0 ratification?

=== Road to 1.0 ratification

🎥 _39'27":_ *ACTION* (all members): In next 2-3 weeks, please read the 1.0-draft spec closely and flag any items that feel like blockers to you. I'd like to move for ratification in July or have concrete issues and action items associated with any remaining blockers by then.

=== Review PR #126: VC schema description

🎥 _42'12":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/126/files[PR #126], which provides schema description for the VC flavor of the identity assertion.

*ACTION* (all members, especially VC experts): Please review the rendered version of the PR link:https://creator-assertions.github.io/identity/1.x-add-vc-v3+schema/[here]. Most changes start with link:++https://creator-assertions.github.io/identity/1.x-add-vc-v3+schema/#_creator_identity_assertion++[§8.1.2, “Creator identity assertion.”] We’ll re-review in next Monday’s meeting.

=== Readout on VC / DID method study

🎥 _52'27":_ Candice Ward has produced a link:++https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AQGm97IOUzdwSTz4stRmrxD5oxT_U4UzAEoJgYb85CA/edit?usp=sharing=0++[survey of VC tech] usage in larger production instances that is intended to help guide us toward a generally-interoperable set of VC tech (DID methods, etc.) for CAWG use.

A shortened summary of this report was discussed in today’s meeting and is available link:++https://docs.google.com/document/d/10GBG7Q0w--q0S1hvclMjYbv6pDOEjs3_libS4Yv_GqQ/edit?usp=sharing++[here].
