= 25 March 2024
:page-aliases: 2024-03-25.adoc

link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hr6_tdtbLvA&list=PLW0mguwHOfA5J79IK4APnRFj4gvnc2YJl&index=7[Meeting recording]

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

* Andy Parsons, Adobe
* Andy Rosen
* Brendan Quinn, IPTC
* Carly Huitema, U of Guelph
* Charlie Halford, BBC
* Christian Paquin, Microsoft
* David Springgay, Microsoft
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* Judith Fleenor, Trust Over IP Foundation
* Karen Kilroy, FileBaby
* Lorie Groth, Digicert
* Michael Becker, Identity Praxis
* Orie Steele, Transmute
* Patrick Boehler, independent consultant
* Paul England, Microsoft
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Pia Blumenthal, Adobe
* Radu Ghiorghisor, Adobe
* Stu Vaeth, Mastercard
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity
* Wynne Kim, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

=== 5 min: New members introduction

New members in this meeting:

* ðŸŽ¥ _1'07":_ Michael Becker, Identity Praxis
* ðŸŽ¥ _4'15":_ Brendan Quinn, IPTC
* ðŸŽ¥ _7'25":_ Charlie Halford, BBC
* ðŸŽ¥ _8'48":_ Radu Ghiorghisor, Adobe

=== Upcoming UX work

ðŸŽ¥ _10'30":_ Pia Blumenthal gave an update on upcoming CAWG user experience work. She will be leading a group that will be focused on bringing over identity recommendations from C2PA 1.4 UX guidance and presenting a coherent C2PA experience that integrates the additional trust signals provided by the CAWG identity assertion.

=== 5 min: Endorsement assertion PR

ðŸŽ¥ _10'30":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/endorsement-assertion/pull/2[one open PR] on the endorsement assertion.

NOTE: Assuming this PR is approved, I intend to put this forward for 1.0 final status in the *1 April 2024* meeting.

*ACTION:* Charlie Halford to review PR #2 and the new endorsement assertion specification. Eric will merge afterwards if approved.

=== 45 min: Review open PRs for 1.0 specification

ðŸŽ¥ _16'58":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A1.0[6 open PRs] against 1.0 milestone.

* ðŸŽ¥ _17'07":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/75[#75: Add top-level `tbs` map allowing more content to be signed by credential holder] â€“ This will enable other planned work (notably Paul England's proposal about describing role). *DISCUSSION:* Some concerns were raised about the `tbs` name and a minor editorial correction regarding the thumbnail assertion reference. *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to revise the thumbnail assertion reference and merge. Defer action on the `tbs` name.
* ðŸŽ¥ _27'26":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/82[#82: Use assertion label to describe credential type] â€“ This is intended to resolve some of the discussion we had last week about forward compatibility among 1.x versions of this specification. *DECISION:* Close PR #82 and reopen #74.
* ðŸŽ¥ _43'17":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/70[#70: Discourage interpretation of this assertion as conveying ownership] â€“ *ACTION (âœ…):* Merge.
* ðŸŽ¥ _48'03":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/79[#79: Clarify that `pad1` and `pad2` must only be filled with zero-value (0x00) bytes] â€“ *ACTION (âœ…):* Merge with minor wording changes as discussed in meeting.
* ðŸŽ¥ _50'29":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/80[#80: Clarify that `pad1` and `pad2` must only be filled with zero-value (0x00) bytes] â€“ *ACTION (âœ…):* Merge.

*xref:identity:ROOT:index.adoc[Identity assertion 1.0-draft] has been updated with above PRs merged.*

=== 20 min: Review new draft of VC portion of specification

ðŸŽ¥ _51'44":_ I've drafted a completely new description of the VC portion of the specification and would to review this with the group. Relevant links:

* [line-through]#link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/60[PR #60]# â€“ Original version of VC portion of specification. I'm proposing to discard this draft.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/85[PR #85] â€“ Proposed new version of VC portion of specification.
* link:++https://creator-assertions.github.io/identity/1.x-add-vc-v2/#_w3c_verifiable_credentials++[Rendered version of PR #85]

*ACTION:* Group to review new draft. Discuss in next meeting.

=== 5 min: Update on Rust early-adopters code

ðŸŽ¥ _56'04":_ For those who would like to experiment with the identity assertion in code, feel free to follow link:https://github.com/scouten-adobe/cawg-identity-core[scouten-adobe / cawg-identity-core]. Not usable yet, but close. Hoping to have something viable later today or mid-week at worst.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
