<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
    <title>16 June 2025 (NA/EU) :: Creator Assertions Working Group</title>
    <link rel="canonical" href="https://cawg.io/meeting-notes/2025-06-16-na-eu/">
    <meta name="generator" content="Antora 3.1.4">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_/css/site.css">
  </head>
  <body class="article">
<script type="module">import mermaid from 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/mermaid@10/dist/mermaid.esm.min.mjs'; mermaid.initialize({"themeVariables":{"fontFamily":"Roboto,sans-serif"}});</script><header class="header">
  <nav class="navbar">
    <div class="navbar-brand">
      <a class="navbar-dif-logo" href="https://identity.foundation">&nbsp;</a>
      <a class="navbar-item" href="https://cawg.io">Creator Assertions Working Group</a>
      <button class="navbar-burger" aria-controls="topbar-nav" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle main menu">
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
      </button>
    </div>
    <div id="topbar-nav" class="navbar-menu">
      <div class="navbar-end">
        <a class="navbar-item" href="#">Home</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </nav>
</header>
<div class="body">
<div class="nav-container" data-component="ROOT" data-version="">
  <aside class="nav">
    <div class="panels">
<div class="nav-panel-explore is-active" data-panel="explore">
  <div class="context">
    <span class="title">Creator Assertions Home</span>
    <span class="version"></span>
  </div>
  <ul class="components">
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">Endorsement Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">1.0-draft</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../identity/1.1/">Identity Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../identity/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../identity/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../metadata/1.2-draft/">Metadata Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../metadata/1.2-draft/">1.2-draft</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../metadata/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../metadata/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">Training and Data Mining Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../training-and-data-mining/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li class="component">
      <a class="title" href="/meeting-notes/">Meeting Notes</a>
    </li>

  </ul>
</div>
    </div>
  </aside>
</div>
<main class="article">
<div class="toolbar" role="navigation">
<button class="nav-toggle"></button>
  <a href="../../" class="home-link"></a>
<nav class="breadcrumbs" aria-label="breadcrumbs">
</nav>
</div>
  <div class="content">
<aside class="toc sidebar" data-title="Contents" data-levels="2">
  <div class="toc-menu"></div>
</aside>
<article class="doc">
<h1 class="page">16 June 2025 (NA/EU)</h1>
<div id="preamble">
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p><a href="https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/play/7152akWgb8gWfYrSA-0lmjuJ5QL8-q1nOT-Xw-8yMToSytazI6HQI3UMgSMSaEjAESr2VT8-d-eObiUB.h2WEkgiFfrps52wD?eagerLoadZvaPages=sidemenu.billing.plan_management&amp;accessLevel=meeting&amp;canPlayFromShare=true&amp;from=share_recording_detail&amp;continueMode=true&amp;componentName=rec-play&amp;originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fus02web.zoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FW-i430dEJXx5CM6NQZw5qDblYTQwEeuY6JvULGYV5zvzjpyBVN-jWYaN-fwEv5Ka.x5s2vCmcw0m49dqU">Meeting recording</a> (1h28m)</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_attendees"><a class="anchor" href="#_attendees"></a>Attendees</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Alex Tweeddale, Cheqd</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Andy Rosen, Sequence Key</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eric Scouten, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Juan Caballero, DIF</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Luke Nispel, OriginVault</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Makki Elfatih, HKDolts</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Nathan Freitas, ProofMode</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Peleus Uhley, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Philippe Mougin, AFP</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Richard W. Kroon, EIDR</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Will Kreth, HAND (Human &amp; Digital) Identity</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_meeting_notes"><a class="anchor" href="#_meeting_notes"></a>Meeting notes</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_previous_action_items"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_previous_action_items"></a>Review previous action items</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>5'09":</em> Reviewed previous action items.</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Eric to work with Andrew, Richard, Phillippe to address outstanding concerns in PR 4. â†’ NOT DONE (although covered effectively in this meeting)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Luke to move part of identity assertion spec to credential schemas WG? â†’ Proposals reviewed and discussed. Agreed that Eric would sit in on upcoming CSWG to understand further. Not removing specs from CAWG custody yet.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_new_members_introduction"><a class="anchor" href="#_new_members_introduction"></a>New members introduction</h3>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>15'29":</em> Nathan Freitas, <a href="https://proofmode.org/">ProofMode</a></p>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>See <a href="https://proofmode.org/blog/cuttingroom">ProofMode&#8217;s post about their collaboration with CuttingRoom</a>.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_readout_from_cai_summit"><a class="anchor" href="#_readout_from_cai_summit"></a>Readout from CAI Summit</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>21'04":</em> Discussed the <a href="https://www.contentauthenticitysummit.com">Content Authenticity Summit</a> that was held at Cornell Tech in New York City on 4 June 2025. Some public reflections are published here:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://ericscouten.dev/2025/content-authenticity-summit/">Eric&#8217;s developer blog</a> (includes slide decks I used in two breakout sessions)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://contentauthenticity.org/blog/content-authenticity-summit-2025">Andy Parson&#8217;s reflections</a></p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>A small group of CAWG members met in person at Adobe the next day. Some highlights:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We aren&#8217;t promoting CAWG sufficiently.</strong> We could&#8201;&#8212;&#8201;and should&#8201;&#8212;&#8201;promote CAWG&#8217;s work as part of a broader C2PA ecosystem. CAWG&#8217;s landing page needs more explanation of what we&#8217;re providing and aiming to provide in future. <strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to work with team at Adobe and CAI team to design new landing page content. Interested parties, please speak up.</p>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Let&#8217;s introduce the term C2PA <em>ecosystem</em></strong> to bring together the various groups that are working to build upon the core C2PA spec (CAWG, JPEG Trust, PDF, ONVIF, SMPTE, etc.). <strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric and Leonard to organize an initial ecosystem meeting.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Remember Hany Farid&#8217;s comment in closing keynote: "Digital identity is the key to the whole process." (Approximate quote&#8201;&#8212;&#8201;review video for exact wording.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide a better public explanation for why C2PA and CAWG are separate.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</li>
<li>
<p>Consider who to reach out to for both credential providers and content creator communities. Some examples:</p>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Aside from list below, what creator ecosystems are hurting from impacts of deepfakes and AI.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>IPTC / news media community</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Other industry verticals</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Mobile providers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Mobile software developers (esp. Truepic)&#8201;&#8212;&#8201;Scott will reach out</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Mobile device manufacturers (see later item about Apple announcement)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Travel / experience industry (AirBNB, etc.)&#8201;&#8212;&#8201;link up with DIF Travel SIG</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Insurance industry</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Brand representatives (consider especially the case of brands licensing their IP to individual creators to create licensed derivative content)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Talent / entertainment broadly</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Governments</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Personhood credential providers (noted interest from First Person Credential project&#8201;&#8212;&#8201;will follow up with Drummond when he&#8217;s back from vacation)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Monitor ToIP personhood credential and verifiable relationship credential work. ToIP very interested to collaborate with us.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create a toolkit / template for industry adoption of the CAWG spec. (Similar to what we&#8217;re starting to do with IPTC.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Who else should be present at CAWG meetings?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Consider replacing the name "identity" with "attribution."</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Agentic identity</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_metadata_assertion_pr_2_update_c2pa_technical_spec_references_to_use_version_2_2"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_metadata_assertion_pr_2_update_c2pa_technical_spec_references_to_use_version_2_2"></a>Review metadata assertion PR #2: Update C2PA technical spec references to use version 2.2</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>50'54":</em> Reviewed metadata assertion <a href="https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/2">PR #2: Update C2PA technical spec references to use version 2.2</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (âœ…):</strong> Eric to merge PR.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_metadata_assertion_pr_3_add_link_to_standard_terms"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_metadata_assertion_pr_3_add_link_to_standard_terms"></a>Review metadata assertion PR #3: Add link to standard terms</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>51'51":</em> Reviewed metadata assertion <a href="https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/3">PR #3: Add link to standard terms</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (âœ…):</strong> Eric to merge PR.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_metadata_assertion_pr_6_clarifies_intended_use_and_adjusts_use_with_identity_assertion"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_metadata_assertion_pr_6_clarifies_intended_use_and_adjusts_use_with_identity_assertion"></a>Review metadata assertion PR #6: Clarifies intended use and adjusts use with identity assertion</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>52'20":</em> Reviewed metadata assertion <a href="https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/6">PR #6: Clarifies intended use and adjusts use with identity assertion</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (âœ…):</strong> Eric to merge PR.</p>
</div>
<div class="admonitionblock note">
<table>
<tr>
<td class="icon">
<i class="fa icon-note" title="Note"></i>
</td>
<td class="content">
This PR incorporates the existing <a href="https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/4">PR #4: Recommend use of identity assertion to attest to metadata authorship</a>, so that PR was closed automatically.
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Also, based on discussion (starting at ðŸŽ¥ _1h00'53"), I filed <a href="https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/issues/7">issue #7: Consider adding a mechanism for metadata assertion generators to alter the default attestation</a>.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_incoming_identity_assertion_spec_requests"><a class="anchor" href="#_incoming_identity_assertion_spec_requests"></a>Incoming identity assertion spec requests</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>1h10'12":</em> Briefly called attention to upcoming requests for the identity assertion spec. Will discuss further in upcoming meetings.</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/233">#233: Linked web sites with annotations</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>(No ticket yet) Provide mechanism for CAWG X.509 users (enterprises) to describe social media</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Review <a href="https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/milestone/10"><code>post-1.1</code> milestone</a> and transfer issues to 1.2 milestone</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_apple_announcement_about_document_verification_api"><a class="anchor" href="#_apple_announcement_about_document_verification_api"></a>Apple announcement about document verification API</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>1h12'45":</em> Brief discussion about Apple&#8217;s announcement at WWDC that document verification APIs would be added to iOS 26, expected later this year. Some relevant links that were shared:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.biometricupdate.com/202506/support-for-w3c-digital-credentials-api-digital-identity-passports-part-of-ios-26">Biometric Update: Support for W3C Digital Credentials API, digital identity passports part of iOS 26</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://developer.apple.com/documentation/proximityreader/adopting-the-verifier-api-in-your-iphone-app">Apple Developer: Adopting the Verifier API in your iPhone app</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/id-verifier">Apple Developer: ID Verifier</a></p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_clerical_change"><a class="anchor" href="#_clerical_change"></a>Clerical change</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>1h15'53":</em> 1.1 version of specs say "still waiting on steer co approval."</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to coordinate with DIF GitHub owners to re-tag the 1.1 versions of the specs with language that reflects final status.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_schedule_changes"><a class="anchor" href="#_schedule_changes"></a>Schedule changes</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>1h16'47":</em> Eric on vacation next two weeks.</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Scott will run media identifiers TF meeting on 23 June.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>CAWG meeting on 30 June cancelled. (Scott also not available.)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Discussed concern about low attendance at APAC meeting. Will discuss in today&#8217;s APAC meeting and may cancel further instances.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_agentic_identity"><a class="anchor" href="#_agentic_identity"></a>Agentic identity</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>1h20'34":</em> Open discussion: What should we be tuning in to?</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to reach out to Wenjing and other ToIP members to build tighter collaboration.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Related: ToIP recently released a white paper describing how C2PA+CAWG and Trust Spanning Protocol (TSP) from ToIP can be used in collaboration. See <a href="https://www.lfdecentralizedtrust.org/blog/how-can-we-trust-what-we-see-online-heres-one-way-forward">How Can We Trust What We See Online? Here&#8217;s One Way Forward</a>.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</article>
  </div>
</main>
</div>
<footer class="footer">
  <p>The content on this site is provided under a <a href="https://community.dev">Community Specification License 1.0</a> license, except where otherwise noted.</p>
  <p>The UI for this site is derived from the Antora default UI and is licensed under the MPL-2.0 license. Several icons are imported from Octicons and are licensed under the MIT license.</p>
  <p>Authored in AsciiDoc. Produced by <a href="https://antora.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Antora</a> and <a href="https://asciidoctor.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Asciidoctor.</p>
</footer>
<script id="site-script" src="../../_/js/site.js" data-ui-root-path="../../_"></script>
<script async src="../../_/js/vendor/highlight.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
