<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
    <title>16 September 2024 :: Creator Assertions Working Group</title>
    <link rel="canonical" href="https://cawg.io/meeting-notes/2024/2024-09-16/">
    <meta name="generator" content="Antora 3.1.4">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_/css/site.css">
  </head>
  <body class="article">
<script type="module">import mermaid from 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/mermaid@10/dist/mermaid.esm.min.mjs'; mermaid.initialize({"themeVariables":{"fontFamily":"Roboto,sans-serif"}});</script><header class="header">
  <nav class="navbar">
    <div class="navbar-brand">
      <a class="navbar-dif-logo" href="https://identity.foundation">&nbsp;</a>
      <a class="navbar-item" href="https://cawg.io">Creator Assertions Working Group</a>
      <button class="navbar-burger" aria-controls="topbar-nav" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle main menu">
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
      </button>
    </div>
    <div id="topbar-nav" class="navbar-menu">
      <div class="navbar-end">
        <a class="navbar-item" href="#">Home</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </nav>
</header>
<div class="body">
<div class="nav-container" data-component="ROOT" data-version="">
  <aside class="nav">
    <div class="panels">
<div class="nav-panel-explore is-active" data-panel="explore">
  <div class="context">
    <span class="title">Creator Assertions Home</span>
    <span class="version"></span>
  </div>
  <ul class="components">
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">Endorsement Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">1.0-draft</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../identity/1.1/">Identity Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../identity/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../identity/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../metadata/1.2-draft/">Metadata Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../metadata/1.2-draft/">1.2-draft</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../metadata/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../metadata/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">Training and Data Mining Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../training-and-data-mining/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li class="component">
      <a class="title" href="/meeting-notes/">Meeting Notes</a>
    </li>

  </ul>
</div>
    </div>
  </aside>
</div>
<main class="article">
<div class="toolbar" role="navigation">
<button class="nav-toggle"></button>
  <a href="../../../" class="home-link"></a>
<nav class="breadcrumbs" aria-label="breadcrumbs">
</nav>
</div>
  <div class="content">
<aside class="toc sidebar" data-title="Contents" data-levels="2">
  <div class="toc-menu"></div>
</aside>
<article class="doc">
<h1 class="page">16 September 2024</h1>
<div id="preamble">
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p><a href="https://youtu.be/EgyzjAlF1d0">Meeting recording</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_attendees"><a class="anchor" href="#_attendees"></a>Attendees</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Andy Rosen, Sequence Key</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Christian Paquin, Microsoft</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cullen Miller, Spawning AI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Daniel Zellmer, Noosphere Technologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Drummond Reed, Gen Digital</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eli Mallon, Aquareum</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eric Scouten, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Gavin Peacock, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Jesse Carter, CIRA</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Karen Kilroy, FileBaby</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Konrad Bleyer-Simon, Global Media Registry</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Liviu Gheorghe, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Loren Hart, Noosphere Technologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Michael Becker, Identity Praxis</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Nigel Earnshaw, BBC</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Peleus Uhley, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Pia Blumenthal, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Richard W. Kroon, EIDR</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Slava Asipenko, Proof</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tim Cappalli, Okta</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_notes"><a class="anchor" href="#_notes"></a>Notes</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_new_members_introduction"><a class="anchor" href="#_new_members_introduction"></a>New members introduction</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>No new members this week.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_previous_action_items"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_previous_action_items"></a>Review previous action items</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>1'20":</em> Review action items from previous meeting:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to revise PR 162 to include some consideration of localization and possibly a definition of user-visible string. <strong>NOT DONE, CARRY OVER</strong> but new information that Eric can work with.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Liviu and Eric to do further coding / research work to describe what the <code>proof</code> data structure should look like in this case. <strong>NOT DONE</strong> → <strong>WON&#8217;T DO</strong> based on subsequent decision of group.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Pam to discuss CBOR signing proposal with Microsoft engineering team and report back next week. <strong>UPDATE:</strong> Christian conveyed no objection on behalf of Microsoft.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to explore whether we can reuse the COSE protected header mechanism for RFC 3161 timestamping in the VC approach. <strong>NO UPDATE, CARRY OVER</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eli to submit a PR adding support for K-256 signatures in CAWG. Group to discuss once available. <strong>NOT DONE</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>ACTION (✅):</strong> Eli to submit a GitHub issue for the group to consider EIP-712 credentials as an autonomous signing mechanism. (See <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/176">Issue #176: Consider implications of autonomous signing mechanisms</a>, to be discussed later.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Jacques to submit a GitHub issue for the group to consider using domain-name based DIDs as an autonomous signing mechanism. <strong>NO UPDATE, CARRY OVER</strong></p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_pr_167_define_vc_proofing_mechanism"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_pr_167_define_vc_proofing_mechanism"></a>Review PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>5'33":</em> Discussed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/167">PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>We contemplated and decided not to include <code>did:key</code> as an acceptable DID method for identity claims aggregators.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (✅):</strong> Eric to remove reference to <code>did:jwk</code> and merge.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_pr_180_rewrite_verifiable_presentation_example"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_pr_180_rewrite_verifiable_presentation_example"></a>Review PR #180: Rewrite verifiable presentation example</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>10'21":</em> Discussed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/180">PR #180: Rewrite verifiable presentation example</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Key points:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Eric updated the workflow for verifiable presentations, detailing the process from presentation requests to the generation of asset-specific verifiable credentials by the identity claims aggregator.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eric and Drummond emphasized the critical role of the identity claims aggregator in the ecosystem, responsible for verifying and replaying identity claims on asset-specific credentials.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Concerns were raised about the potential security risks associated with rogue identity claims aggregators, stressing the need for a trust list to distinguish trustworthy entities.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (✅):</strong> Eric to merge.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_issue_177_define_a_way_to_prove_control_over_a_web_site_domain_and_link_it_to_identity_claims_aggregation"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_issue_177_define_a_way_to_prove_control_over_a_web_site_domain_and_link_it_to_identity_claims_aggregation"></a>Review issue #177: Define a way to prove control over a web site / domain and link it to identity claims aggregation</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>43'21":</em> Discussed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/177">issue #177: Define a way to prove control over a web site / domain and link it to identity claims aggregation</a></p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Brainstorming discussion, looking for protocols to consider or other proposals. Some highlights:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review Mastodon and AT protocol (Bluesky) for proving control over a domain for social media purposes (<a href="https://atproto.com/guides/identity">Documentation for AT protocol technique</a>)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Token in meta tag or DNS record</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>CA / Browser Forum guidelines for issuance and management of Extended Validation Certificates §3.2.2 covers assurance that a web site is controlled by the specific legal entity described in the cert</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>I believe the OpenID community long ago did a spec for "site claiming" so that a blog owner could prove control of a blog to an OpenID provider.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><code>did:web</code> may provide a mechanism for this, too</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Separately, we may also want to consider documenting content <em>created</em> specifically as part of a site-generation process.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to create a PR incorporating above feedback.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_issue_179_describe_how_ica_should_request_a_verifiable_presentation_and_how_to_describe_that_in_vc"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_issue_179_describe_how_ica_should_request_a_verifiable_presentation_and_how_to_describe_that_in_vc"></a>Review issue #179: Describe how ICA should request a Verifiable Presentation and how to describe that in VC</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>43'21":</em> Discussed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/179">issue #179: Describe how ICA should request a Verifiable Presentation and how to describe that in VC</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Key points:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Significant questions about what trust ecosystems an identity claims aggregator will participate in when <em>collecting</em> credentials. (Probable answer: That&#8217;s implementation dependent and not to be specified here.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Separately, there is the question of what trust ecosystem the asset-specific credentials <em>issued</em> bhy the identity claims aggregator should participate in. (Diverse opinions along the spectrum from CAWG should organize a identity claims aggregator-specific trust list to let the market of verifiers decide.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Look into <a href="https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-4-identity-assurance-1_0.html">OpenID Connect for Identity Assurance</a> spec as a possible vocabulary for expressing what has been learned about named actor through presentation requests.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A reminder that not all information contained in the VP should be replayed by the identity claims aggregator into the subsequent asset-specific credential.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to create a PR incorporating above feedback.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_issue_181_remove_affiliation_from_identity_claims_aggregation"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_issue_181_remove_affiliation_from_identity_claims_aggregation"></a>Review issue #181: Remove affiliation from identity claims aggregation?</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>1h09'06":</em> Discussed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/181">issue #181: Remove affiliation from identity claims aggregation?</a></p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Is “affiliation” meaningfully different from what will be expressed via verifiable presentation?</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>No strong request for such.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to create a PR removing affiliation from spec.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_issue_176_consider_implications_of_autonomous_signing_mechanisms"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_issue_176_consider_implications_of_autonomous_signing_mechanisms"></a>Review issue #176: Consider implications of autonomous signing mechanisms</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>1h12'48":</em> Discussed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/176">issue #176: Consider implications of autonomous signing mechanisms</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Eli showcased a demo on autonomous signing mechanisms using crypto wallets, advocating for the inclusion of such technologies in the CAWG spec to accommodate evolving user signing flows and identity assertion methods. (<a href="https://youtu.be/EgyzjAlF1d0?si=xo4SMkDiN274TxWI&amp;t=4432">Watch the demo starting at 1h13'52".</a>)</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>The discussion suggested that as user signing flows evolve, incorporating autonomous signing mechanisms could become increasingly relevant for identity assertion in the CAWG ecosystem.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>CAWG open to considering autonomous signing mechanisms after focusing on identity claims aggregation.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</article>
  </div>
</main>
</div>
<footer class="footer">
  <p>The content on this site is provided under a <a href="https://community.dev">Community Specification License 1.0</a> license, except where otherwise noted.</p>
  <p>The UI for this site is derived from the Antora default UI and is licensed under the MPL-2.0 license. Several icons are imported from Octicons and are licensed under the MIT license.</p>
  <p>Authored in AsciiDoc. Produced by <a href="https://antora.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Antora</a> and <a href="https://asciidoctor.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Asciidoctor.</p>
</footer>
<script id="site-script" src="../../../_/js/site.js" data-ui-root-path="../../../_"></script>
<script async src="../../../_/js/vendor/highlight.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
