<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
    <title>16 December 2024 :: Creator Assertions Working Group</title>
    <link rel="canonical" href="https://cawg.io/meeting-notes/2024/2024-12-16/">
    <meta name="generator" content="Antora 3.1.4">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_/css/site.css">
  </head>
  <body class="article">
<script type="module">import mermaid from 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/mermaid@10/dist/mermaid.esm.min.mjs'; mermaid.initialize({"themeVariables":{"fontFamily":"Roboto,sans-serif"}});</script><header class="header">
  <nav class="navbar">
    <div class="navbar-brand">
      <a class="navbar-dif-logo" href="https://identity.foundation">&nbsp;</a>
      <a class="navbar-item" href="https://cawg.io">Creator Assertions Working Group</a>
      <button class="navbar-burger" aria-controls="topbar-nav" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle main menu">
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
      </button>
    </div>
    <div id="topbar-nav" class="navbar-menu">
      <div class="navbar-end">
        <a class="navbar-item" href="#">Home</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </nav>
</header>
<div class="body">
<div class="nav-container" data-component="ROOT" data-version="">
  <aside class="nav">
    <div class="panels">
<div class="nav-panel-explore is-active" data-panel="explore">
  <div class="context">
    <span class="title">Creator Assertions Home</span>
    <span class="version"></span>
  </div>
  <ul class="components">
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">Endorsement Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">1.0-draft</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../identity/1.1/">Identity Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../identity/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../identity/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../metadata/1.2-draft/">Metadata Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../metadata/1.2-draft/">1.2-draft</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../metadata/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../metadata/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">Training and Data Mining Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../../training-and-data-mining/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li class="component">
      <a class="title" href="/meeting-notes/">Meeting Notes</a>
    </li>

  </ul>
</div>
    </div>
  </aside>
</div>
<main class="article">
<div class="toolbar" role="navigation">
<button class="nav-toggle"></button>
  <a href="../../../" class="home-link"></a>
<nav class="breadcrumbs" aria-label="breadcrumbs">
</nav>
</div>
  <div class="content">
<aside class="toc sidebar" data-title="Contents" data-levels="2">
  <div class="toc-menu"></div>
</aside>
<article class="doc">
<h1 class="page">16 December 2024</h1>
<div id="preamble">
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p><a href="https://youtu.be/r9Zm7Ih4n-k">Meeting recording</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_attendees"><a class="anchor" href="#_attendees"></a>Attendees</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Andy Rosen, Sequence Key</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Brian McInnis, Long Tailed Leopard</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Claudiu Cismaru, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Clement Hecquet, Digimarc</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Daniel Zellmer, Noosphere Technologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>David Bigsby, Government of British Columbia</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Drummond Reed, Gen Digital</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eric Scouten, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hans Granqvist, Noosphere</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Jeremy Uzan, Universal Music</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Makki Elfatih, HKDolts</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Nigel Earnshaw, BBC</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Peleus Uhley, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Philippe Rixhon, JPEG Trust</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Richard W. Kroon, EIDR</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Slava Asipenko, Proof</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_meeting_notes"><a class="anchor" href="#_meeting_notes"></a>Meeting notes</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_new_members_introduction"><a class="anchor" href="#_new_members_introduction"></a>New members introduction</h3>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>0'55":</em> Brian McInnis, Long Tailed Leopard</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>27'24":</em> Makki Elfatih, HKDolts</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_pr_203_add_verified_identity_method_field"><a class="anchor" href="#_pr_203_add_verified_identity_method_field"></a>PR #203: Add verified identity <code>method</code> field</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>2'27":</em> Reviewed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/203">PR #203: Add optional <code>method</code> field for describing the technique used to verify account/URI control</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>PR #203 introduces a new section to add a <code>method</code> field for identity claims aggregators. This field describes how verification of accounts or websites was performed, addressing concerns raised in a previous meeting about proving control over domains.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>Verification Methods:</strong> The new section includes commonly used methods for domain and social media account verification. It is designed to be extensible, allowing for future methods to be added by identity claims aggregators. The spec, as currently drafted, allows identity claims aggregators to choose their verification methods. The new proposal emphasizes transparency in how verification is performed to ensure trust from content consumers.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Drummond Reed suggested using "URI verification" instead of "file verification" for clarity. Eric acknowledged the distinction between the method of verification and what is being verified, and agreed to consider the feedback.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric to revise PR accordingly.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>The group again discussed the possibility of adding verified e-mail as an identity signal, but came to the conclusion that this signal would not provide enough value and security to be worth documenting.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>The group agreed to carry this PR forward to the next meeting.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_remove_affiliation_from_identity_claims_aggregation"><a class="anchor" href="#_remove_affiliation_from_identity_claims_aggregation"></a>Remove affiliation from identity claims aggregation?</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>28'08":</em> Reviewed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/181">issue #181: Remove affiliation from identity claims aggregation?</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>Proposal to Delete:</strong> Eric proposed deleting the organisational affiliations section from the spec, citing the lack of current use cases and methods for proving affiliation.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>Group Discussion:</strong> The group discussed the potential importance of affiliations, with members highlighting various scenarios where affiliations could be valuable, such as in the music industry and professional credentials.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>Decision to Retain:</strong> The group decided to retain the organisational affiliations section for future development, acknowledging its potential importance and the need for further exploration of verification methods.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (âœ…)</strong>: Close issue #181 and leave affiliation in the spec.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_levels_of_assurance_discussion"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_levels_of_assurance_discussion"></a>Review levels of assurance discussion</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>42'06":</em> Reviewed three issues related to levels of assurance:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/32">Issue #32: Levels of assurance for subject credentials?</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/182">Issue #182: Review NIST terminology "attribute bundles"</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/172">Issue #172: Level of assurance?</a></p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>Levels of Assurance:</strong> Eric suggested pushing the discussion on levels of assurance and NIST attribute bundles to a post-1.1 milestone. The group acknowledged the complexity of defining levels of assurance and agreed that it should be addressed in future versions of the spec.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (âœ…)</strong>: Reassign the three issues above to post-1.1 milestone.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_wallet_workflow_and_presentation_exchange_issues"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_wallet_workflow_and_presentation_exchange_issues"></a>Review wallet workflow and presentation exchange issues</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>ðŸŽ¥ <em>48'37":</em> Reviewed two issues related to wallets and presentation exchange:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/92">Issue #92: Discuss wallet workflow with Open Wallet Foundation</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/186">Issue #186: Read DIF presentation exchange spec</a></p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (âœ…)</strong>: Reassign these two issues to post-1.1 milestone.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_meeting_schedule_adjustment"><a class="anchor" href="#_meeting_schedule_adjustment"></a>Meeting schedule adjustment</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Eric announced the plan to move one meeting per month to the US Pacific afternoon to accommodate members in different time zones, particularly those in Australia and India.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Tentatively considering moving the 27 January instance to start at 5:00pm Pacific (Monday) / 0100 UTC (Tuesday). If that works well, we&#8217;ll continue the pattern.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Reminder that the next two Monday meetings are cancelled for holiday break. We&#8217;ll resume on 6 January 2025.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</article>
  </div>
</main>
</div>
<footer class="footer">
  <p>The content on this site is provided under a <a href="https://community.dev">Community Specification License 1.0</a> license, except where otherwise noted.</p>
  <p>The UI for this site is derived from the Antora default UI and is licensed under the MPL-2.0 license. Several icons are imported from Octicons and are licensed under the MIT license.</p>
  <p>Authored in AsciiDoc. Produced by <a href="https://antora.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Antora</a> and <a href="https://asciidoctor.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Asciidoctor.</p>
</footer>
<script id="site-script" src="../../../_/js/site.js" data-ui-root-path="../../../_"></script>
<script async src="../../../_/js/vendor/highlight.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
