= 30 September 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 5 min: Review previous action items

* *ACTION:* Eric to explore whether we can reuse the COSE protected header mechanism for RFC 3161 timestamping in the VC approach. *NO UPDATE* – discuss later whether this is still needed?
* *ACTION:* Eli to submit a PR adding support for K-256 signatures in CAWG. Group to discuss once available.
* *ACTION:* Jacques to submit a GitHub issue for the group to consider using domain-name based DIDs as an autonomous signing mechanism. *NO UPDATE, CARRY OVER*
* *ACTION (✅):* Several PRs called for in previous meeting. See discussion below.

=== 45 min: Review open PRs for identity 1.1

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/187[PR #187: Add support for verified presentations]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/162[PR #162: Tweak wording of `provider.name` entry] – Since last discussion, I've added localization support.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/185[PR #185: Remove affiliation from identity claims aggregation model]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/188[PR #188: Add support for domain control validation (DCV) aka verified web site]

=== 20 min: Review open issues for identity 1.1

I'd like to see if we can close some of the long-standing open issues.

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/53[Issue #53: Explore questions of anonymized credentials and how they might be expressed in the standard] – Is this potentially resolved by the new verified presentations model?
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/41[Issue #41: Privacy when verifying VCs] – I think the identity claims aggregation model may resolve this.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/37[Issue #37: VC expiration before validation?] – Again, I think the identity claims aggregation model resolves this.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/33[Issue #33: When to verify credentials?] – This is related to an issue I flagged in #187 regarding end-user verifiability of the verified presentation.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/160[Issue #160: Determine structure for `verifiedIdentities[?\].proof`] – We may be able to remove the `proof` field given the ICA model.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/64[Issue #64: Consider stronger timestamping mechanism than W3C VC requires] – Do we still need this?

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
