= 26 February 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

=== 10 min: New members introduction

=== 2 min: Action item update

From previous meeting, most items will carry over to this week:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/41[Issue #41: Privacy when verifying VCs] – Eric to call subgroup meeting.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/42[Issue #42: Add a Slack or Discord channel for this group]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/43[Issue #43: Create an e-mail list for this group's discussions]
* (DONE: See next item) link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/16[Issue #16: Determine whether to use VC or VP for signature] – Eric to propose a PR that removes VC vs VP as a discussion item.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/44:[Issue #44: Review presentation with key binding] – discussed by Orie in meeting. Eric to follow up with Orie, Christian, and Riley.

=== 5 min: Remove discussion of using W3C verifiable presentations 

Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/45[PR #45: Remove discussion of using W3C verifiable presentations]. (Based on discussion in last week's meeting.)

=== 15 min: Roadmap proposal

Discussion of proposal to fast-track a subset of this specification and allow more time for other portions to mature.

=== 15 min: Authoring vs ownership and copyright

Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/46[Issue #46: Authoring vs ownership].

Consider writing an explicit statement in the identity assertion as to whether copyright and/or ownership is in scope for identity. If it isn't, is copyright perhaps better expressed in a separate metadata assertion?

=== 10 min: Advertising use case

Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/47[Issue #47: No advertisements in North America work as described].

Is there an alternative wording that would work better or should we delete this use case?

=== 15 min: KERI, AIDs and ACDCs as an alternative approach

Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/48[Issue #48: KERI, AIDs and ACDCs as an alternative approach].

Can this be represented via `did:webs` and/or `did:keri` or does it need a third `sig_type`?

How implementable is this, given currently-available open-source libraries?

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.

== Decisions

== Action items
