= 20 May 2024

link:https://youtu.be/GM-q-aedSEY[Meeting recording]

== Attendees

* Andy Rosen
* Christian Paquin, Microsoft
* Drummond Reed, Gen Digital
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Karen Kilroy, FileBaby
* Lindsay Walker, Starling Labs
* Loren Hart, Noosphere Technologies
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Paul England, Microsoft
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Pia Blumenthal, Adobe
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity
* Yondon Fu, Livepeer

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

=== 5 min: New members introduction

* 🎥 _2'17":_ Scott Perry re-introduction as independent consultant spinning up Digital Governance Institute.

=== 15 min: Patrick / Journalist and editorial impact

🎥 _4'01":_ Review link:++https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZIdOuZM598e_Yw9YOQ-U5WmyGqSyrLmX47XO6jI8cw0/edit?usp=sharing++[Notes from call last week]

*OUTCOME:* Defer to next meeting.

=== 10 min: Move to approve endorsement assertion specification

🎥 _5'17":_ *MOTION:* As per Community Specification License process link:++https://github.com/creator-assertions/endorsement-assertion/blob/main/governance.md#4-specification-development-process++[§4: Specification development process], I move to promote the xref:endorsement:ROOT:index.adoc[] from draft to approved (version 1.0 final) status:

[quote,Community Specification License :: Governance Policy]
____
4.2. Draft. Each Pre-Draft document of a Working Group must first be Approved to become a “Draft Specification.” Once the Working Group approves a document as a Draft Specification, the Draft Specification becomes the basis for all going forward work on that specification.

4.3. Working Group Approval. Once a Working Group believes it has achieved the objectives for its specification as described in the Scope, it will Approve that Draft Specification and progress it to “Approved Specification” status.
____

*OUTCOME:* Defer to next meeting.

=== 30 min: Review open identity assertion PRs

I'd like to land the following PRs this week:

* 🎥 _7'44":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/105/files[#105: Move `sig_type` into `signer_payload`]
** [line-through]*ACTION (DONE):*# Merge link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/105/files[#105: Move `sig_type` into `signer_payload`].

* 🎥 _10'11":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/106/files[#106: Introduce new terms: named actor and identity assertion consumer]
** 🎥 _13'38":_ Discussion about roles and rights. Discussion about link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/98[#98: Introduce an optional `signer_payload.role` field].
** [line-through]#*ACTION (DONE):*# Merge link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/106/files[#106: Introduce new terms: named actor and identity assertion consumer].
** [line-through]#*ACTION (DONE):*# File new issue link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/108[#108: Expand on distinction between provenance and rights management].

* 🎥 _32'36":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/107/files[#107: Revise Overview section to include new trust signal diagrams]
** *ACTION:* Eric to update link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/107/files[#107: Revise Overview section to include new trust signal diagrams] based on feedback received.

Not ready to merge this week:

* 🎥 _45'26":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/104[#104: Declare implementor's draft]: We may be withdrawing this PR pending further internal (Adobe) discussions.
* 🎥 _45'49":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/103[#103: Add optional protections against unexpected claim and unexpected claim generators]: Needs additional work.
* 🎥 _46'13":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/98[#98: Introduce an optional `signer_payload.role` field]: Needs additional work.
* 🎥 _46'28":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/99[#99: Define identity assertion trust model]: Needs work to incorporate recent feedback. (Or merge with known to-do items?)

*ACTION:* Eric to update “not ready” PRs and re-review next week.

NOTE: The draft xref:identity:ROOT:index.adoc[] specification has been updated to include the `sig_type` and terminology PRs.

=== 20 min: Review VC PR

🎥 _46'44":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/90[#90: Verifiable credential, take 3]: Can we add this back into 1.0 draft rather than 1.x?

*ACTION:* Group to re-review link:file:///Users/scouten/Adobe/cawg-specs-site/build/site/identity/1.x-add-vc-v3/index.html#_w3c_verifiable_credential_2[1.x draft of identity assertion spec], particularly §8.1, “W3C verifiable credential,” and be prepared to discuss next week.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

🎥 _50'28":_ Closing announcements:

* Next week’s meeting is moved to Tuesday, 28 May, due to a US holiday.
* Drummond and Eric will both be at link:https://www.kuppingercole.com/events/eic2024[EIC in Berlin] in two weeks. If you will also be there, please say hi!
