= 17 June 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 10 min: Review PR #125: Define human trust and technical trust

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/125/files[PR #125], which adds definitions for human trust and technical trust as per discussion two weeks ago.

=== 5 min: Review PR #124: Name collisions apply to organizations, too

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/124/files[PR #124], which adds a quick note to signal that name collisions apply to individuals and organizations.

=== 10 min: Re-review PR #119: Change the definition of `expected_countersigners` to require the expected `signer_payload` for other identity assertions

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/119/files[PR #119], which refines how we describe expected _other_ identity assertions in the same C2PA Manifest.

Updated with requested changes from Nigel and Paul.

=== 15 min: Discuss remaining 1.0 TO DO issues

We have TO DO items to provide guidance for four remaining issues, mostly to do with threat modelling:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/115[#115: Provide meaningful differentiation between similarly-named actors]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/116[#116: Add guidance regarding parsing and validation errors]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/117[#117: Add guidance for homoglyph and typo-squatting attacks]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/108[#108: Expand on distinction between provenance and rights management] (not threat model)

Can we provide meaningful guidance in a short timeline for these? If not, do these need to be blockers for 1.0 ratification?

=== 5 min: Road to 1.0 ratification

*ACTION* (all members): In next 2-3 weeks, please read the 1.0-draft spec closely and flag any items that feel like blockers to you. I'd like to move for ratification in July or have concrete issues and action items associated with any remaining blockers by then.

=== 15 min: Review PR #126: VC schema description

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/126/files[PR #126], which provides schema description for the VC flavor of the identity assertion.

I've published a rendered version of the PR link:https://creator-assertions.github.io/identity/1.x-add-vc-v3+schema/[here]. Most changes start with link:++https://creator-assertions.github.io/identity/1.x-add-vc-v3+schema/#_creator_identity_assertion++[§8.1.2, “Creator identity assertion.”]

=== 15 min: Readout on VC / DID method study

Candice Ward has produced a link:++https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1le_rFJ1e9Ibtq2Rt7zJnxqJLuX5_RCdhoMMPdHvJ3nM/edit#gid=0++[survey of VC tech] usage in larger production instances that is intended to help guide us toward a generally-interoperable set of VC tech (DID methods, etc.) for CAWG use.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
