= 15 July 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 15 min: Updates on training and data mining assertion

Leonard would like to present some new information on DNT/DNI.

=== 35 min: Review PRs for identity 1.0

There are several open PRs against identity assertion 1.0. Review (and hopefully approve these).

link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A1.0[List of open PRs] (8 as of this writing)

=== 5 min: Road to 1.0 ratification

Once the above PRs are merged, that will leave no open items (link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/118[#118: Refine wording for validation of credential status]), which I have flagged for a follow-up discussion with Pia this week.

Currently planning to vote _next week_ (i.e. in the *22 July 2024* meeting). Given the volume of changes, is this still viable?

*ACTION* (all members): Last call for review of the 1.0-draft spec. Please flag any items that feel like blockers to you.

=== 20 min: Beginning the UX guidance document

Pia will discuss upcoming work on UX guidance document.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
