= 12 August 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 20 min: Icons and branding in identity assertion

Pia Blumenthal will lead a discussion about icons in the identity assertion.

=== 5 min: Review previous action items

==== Identity assertion 1.x (VC edition)

* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/159[PR #159: Rename `boundTo` to `c2paAsset` and clarify some items].* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge PR 159 as is.
* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/162[PR #162: Tweak wording of `provider.name` entry]. *ACTION:* Eric to revise PR 162 to include some consideration of localization and possibly a definition of user-visible string. *NOT DONE*
* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/160[issue #160: Determine structure for `verifiedIdentities[?\].proof`].* *ACTION:* Liviu and Eric to do further coding / research work to describe what the `proof` data structure should look like in this case. *NOT DONE*
* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/155[issue #155: Write section on proofs].* *ACTION:* Pam to discuss with Microsoft engineering team and report back next week.
* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/64[issue #64: Consider stronger timestamping mechanism than W3C VC requires].* *ACTION:* Eric to explore whether we can reuse the COSE protected header mechanism for RFC 3161 timestamping in the VC approach. *NOT DONE*
* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/163[issue #163: Does the approach taken in §8.1 change if issuer == named actor?].* *ACTION:* Eric to reach out to Will Kreth to explore signature scenarios. *IN PROGRESS*

=== 10 min: Review PR #166: Update all C2PA references to point to version 2.1

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/166[PR #166: Update all C2PA references to point to version 2.1].

Pay special attention to Leonard’s comment about new success/error/informational codes.

=== 10 min: Review PR #165: Define identity assertion generator

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/165[PR #165: Define identity assertion generator].

*ACTION:* Eric to add a new PR to define “identity provider.”

=== 20 min: Review PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/167[PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism].

=== 10 min: Review scope of training and data mining assertion

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/training-and-data-mining-assertion/pull/1/files[PR#1: Add `cawg.social_media` entry].

Compare to possible work being done on this front by link:https://jpeg.org/jpegtrust/index.html[JPEG Trust].

=== 10 min: Proposal: Define standard HTTP interface for identity assertion

Discuss possible HTTP standard interface for identity assertion, which could be built into upcoming open-source code.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
