= 24 June 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 30 min: Review open PRs and issues for identity 1.0

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/119[PR #119: Change the definition of `expected_countersigners` to require the expected `signer_payload` for other identity assertions]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/125[PR #125: Define human trust vs technical trust]
** NOTE: Needs revision to point to ToIP language
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/127[PR #127: Best practices for avoiding parsing/validation attacks are outside scope]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/128[PR #128: Homoglyph attacks may not be directly solvable]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/129[Issue #129: Organization as named actor]

=== 20 min: Review open PRs for identity 1.x (W3C VC edition)

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/126[PR #126: Add VC schema description]

=== 5 min: Road to 1.0 ratification

ðŸŽ¥ _39'27":_ *ACTION* (all members): In next 2-3 weeks, please read the 1.0-draft spec closely and flag any items that feel like blockers to you. I'd like to move for ratification in July or have concrete issues and action items associated with any remaining blockers by then.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
