= 04 March 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 2 min: Action item update

From previous meeting, most items will carry over to this week:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/41[Issue #41: Privacy when verifying VCs] – Eric to call subgroup meeting.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/42[Issue #42: Add a Slack or Discord channel for this group]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/43[Issue #43: Create an e-mail list for this group's discussions]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/44:[Issue #44: Review presentation with key binding] – discussed by Orie in meeting. Eric to follow up with Orie, Christian, and Riley.

=== 10 min: Motion to approve draft status

*MOTION:* As per Community Specification License process link:++https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/blob/main/governance.md#4-specification-development-process++[§4: Specification development process], I submit the following three assertion specifications as candidate drafts and move to promote each document from *pre-draft* to *draft* status.

* xref:endorsement:ROOT:index.adoc[]
* xref:metadata:ROOT:index.adoc[]
* xref:training-and-data-mining:ROOT:index.adoc[]

IMPORTANT: For these three assertions, I expect to move to *Working Group Approval* status fairly quickly (perhaps two weeks from now). If you are interested in the content of these specifications, please signal your availability to review the content.

[quote,Community Specification License :: Governance Policy]
____
4.1. Pre-Draft. Any Participant may submit a proposed initial draft document as a candidate Draft Specification of that Working Group. The Maintainer will designate each submission as a “Pre-Draft” document.

4.2. Draft. Each Pre-Draft document of a Working Group must first be Approved to become a “Draft Specification.” Once the Working Group approves a document as a Draft Specification, the Draft Specification becomes the basis for all going forward work on that specification.

4.3. Working Group Approval. Once a Working Group believes it has achieved the objectives for its specification as described in the Scope, it will Approve that Draft Specification and progress it to “Approved Specification” status.
____

'''

=== 10 min: PR review: Create 1.0 draft of this specification without W3C VC discussion

Following up on last week's discussion, review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/59[PR #59] which creates a `1.0-draft` version of this specification. In this version, the discussion of W3C VC credentials is removed except for a note stating that it will be added in a future version of the specification.

*RELATED:* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/60[PR #60] restores the discussion of W3C VC credentials from the previous working draft.

*MOTION:* Eric requests approval from the WG to merge PR #59 as draft of version 1.0 of the identity assertion specification.

*MOTION:* Eric requests approval from the WG to approve PR #60 as the working draft for a future (1.x) version identity assertion specification. While in working-draft status, this specification can be found on the site with the link:https://creator-assertions.github.io/identity/1.x-add-w3c-vc/[`1.x-add-w3c-vc` label].

=== 20 min: Domain trust anchor proposal

Christian Paquin will present a proposal for link:https://github.com/christianpaquin/c2pa-explorations/blob/main/web-domain-trust-anchor/web-domain-trust-anchor.md[Web Domain Trust Anchor in the CAWG identity framework].

=== 30 min: Review open issues for identity 1.0 milestone

There are link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A1.0[13 open issues] that I've flagged as potentially relevant for the 1.0 version of the identity specification. Review these issues and make a plan for resolving them.

Related discussion: Are there other open issues that should also be flagged for 1.0?

=== 2 min: FYI: upcoming ICANN workshop presentation

Eric and Santiago Lyon will be presenting at ICANN79 on 6 March 2024, similar to ToIP presentation.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.

== Decisions

== Action items
