= 07 October 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 5 min: Review previous action items

* *ACTION:* Eric to propose additional language explaining the identity claims aggregator model.Feedback received before and during the meeting suggests it is not sufficiently clear yet. *NOT DONE*
* *ACTION:* Eric to propose a PR that suggests other identity types (non `cawg.`) should follow reverse domain syntax. *DONE*
* *ACTION:* Eric to review potential domain control verification methods with UX and product management to determine suitability. *IN PROGRESS*
* *ACTION:* Eric to propose a PR deleting the `proof` section. *DONE*
* *ACTION:* Eric to propose a PR with RFC 3161 in COSE signature for identity claims aggregation model.

=== Review open PRs for identity 1.1

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/187[PR #187: Add support for verified presentations] – Reviewed last week without conclusion.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/188[PR #188: Add support for domain control validation (DCV) aka verified web site] – No update since last week.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/190[PR #190: Consolidate wording about `cawg.` labels] – New.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/191[PR #191: Remove `proof` entry from `verifiedIdentities\[n\]` structure] – New.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/192[PR #192: Add option to use RFC 3161 timestamp in ICA COSE signature] – New.

=== Review open issues for identity 1.1

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/53[Issue #53: Explore questions of anonymized credentials and how they might be expressed in the standard] – Is this relevant for ICA model or should it be considered as part of a future 1.x enhancement?
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/32[Issue #32: Levels of assurance for subject credentials?]

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
