= 18 March 2024

link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aBcAqCOLVc&list=PLW0mguwHOfA5J79IK4APnRFj4gvnc2YJl&index=5[Meeting recording]

== Attendees

* Aditya Khurjekar, Prove
* Andy Rosen
* Carly Huitema, U of Guelph
* Chris ___, Verus
* Christian Paquin, Microsoft
* David Springgay, Microsoft
* Edmond Cunningham, Arkeytyp
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* Jesse Carter, CIRA
* Judith Fleenor, Trust Over IP Foundation
* Karen Kilroy, FileBaby
* Leonard Rosenthol, Adobe
* Lindsay Walker, Starling Labs
* Lorie Groth, Digicert
* Orson Weems, FileBaby
* Paul England, Microsoft
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Pia Blumenthal, Adobe
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity
* Wynne Kim, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

=== 5 min: New members introduction

No new members today.

=== Notice of meeting cancellation

🎥 _4'19":_ Two upcoming instances of this meeting will be cancelled:

* 15 April 2024 (I will be traveling to link:https://internetidentityworkshop.com[Internet Identity Workshop], as will several other participants)
* 13 May 2024 (I will be traveling to an internal Adobe event)

=== 5 min: Action item update

🎥 _4'43":_ From previous meeting, most items will carry over to this week:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/41[Issue #41: Privacy when verifying VCs] – Eric to call subgroup meeting. CARRY OVER.
* [line-through]#link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/42[Issue #42: Add a Slack or Discord channel for this group]# – DONE.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/43[Issue #43: Create an e-mail list for this group's discussions] – NEXT ON AGENDA.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/44:[Issue #44: Review presentation with key binding] – CARRY OVER.

Remaining issues to be covered later.

=== 5 min: Discussion: e-mail list?

🎥 _5'30":_ Looking for simple option for e-mail list. GitHub Discussions? Or ... ?

Andy Rosen suggests link:https://www.gnu.org/software/mailman/index.html[Mailman]. No other nominations.

=== 10 min: Approval for two assertion definitions

🎥 _6'58":_ *MOTION:* As per Community Specification License process link:++https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/blob/main/governance.md#4-specification-development-process++[§4: Specification development process], I move to promote the following two assertion specifications from draft to approved (version 1.0 final) status:

* xref:metadata:ROOT:index.adoc[]
* xref:training-and-data-mining:ROOT:index.adoc[]

[quote,Community Specification License :: Governance Policy]
____
4.2. Draft. Each Pre-Draft document of a Working Group must first be Approved to become a “Draft Specification.” Once the Working Group approves a document as a Draft Specification, the Draft Specification becomes the basis for all going forward work on that specification.

4.3. Working Group Approval. Once a Working Group believes it has achieved the objectives for its specification as described in the Scope, it will Approve that Draft Specification and progress it to “Approved Specification” status.
____

🎥 _11'51":_ *DECISION:* Approved.

The 1.0 final versions of these two specifications are published here:

* xref:1.0@metadata:ROOT:index.adoc[]
* xref:1.0@training-and-data-mining:ROOT:index.adoc[]

=== 10 min: Outstanding issue for endorsement assertion

🎥 _12'02":_ *DISCUSSION:* There is one open issue for the endorsement assertion:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/endorsement-assertion/issues/1[#1: Can there be more than one endorsement assertion per claim?]

*ACTION:* Eric will review with Leonard and propose a wording tweak.

=== 45 min: Review of open issues and PRs for identity 1.0

🎥 _12'38":_ Review work in progress and proposals.

Outcomes:

* 🎥 _13'18":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/78[PR #78: Remove user experience section]: *DECISION:* Approved. (Since merged.)
* 🎥 _17'51":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/77[PR #77: Remove W3C VC concepts from terms and definitions section]: *DECISION:* Approved. (Since merged.)
* 🎥 _18'36":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/76[PR #76: Clarify usage of credential holder vs credential subject]: *DECISION:* Approved. (Since merged.)
* 🎥 _20'42":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/75[PR #75: Add top-level `tbs` map allowing more content to be signed by credential holder]: *ACTION:* Scouten to revise based on feedback received over the weekend and in this meeting.
* 🎥 _32'55":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/74[PR #74: Allow additional credential mechanisms to be added in future 1.x versions]: *ACTION:* Scouten to revise based on feedback received in this meeting.
* 🎥 _40'31":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/72[PR #72: Emphasizing the use of REGISTERED spots in the advertising use case]: *DECISION:* Defer to future meeting.
* 🎥 _40'59":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/71[PR #71: Clarify wording regarding prohibition on identity assertion self-references]: *ACTION:* Discussed but no clear outcome. Scouten to call for additional review before merging.
* 🎥 _45'57":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/70[PR #70: Discourage interpretation of this assertion as conveying ownership]: *ACTION:* Scouten to revise based on feedback received over the weekend.
* 🎥 _48'03":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/67[Issue #67: Bidirectional binding of identity assertions and claims]: *ACTION:* Paul England to propose a PR based on #75.
* 🎥 _49'48":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/22[Issue #22: Define identity assertion trust model]: *ACTION:* Scouten to propose a PR.
* 🎥 _51'34":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/40[Issue #40: Review C2PA veracity scoring]: *DECISION:* Closed. There's no such concept as "C2PA veracity scoring."
* 🎥 _52'29":_ link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/74[PR #74: Allow additional credential mechanisms to be added in future 1.x versions] (again): More discussion about how to address multiple credential types without breaking compatibility. No clear outcome; more to consider.

A new draft version of the specification including PRs 76, 77, and 78 is published link:https://creator-assertions.github.io/identity/1.0-draft/[here].

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
