= 19 August 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 15 min: Training and data mining update

Leonard will update us on latest discussions regarding training and data mining assertion.

=== 5 min: Review previous action items

* *ACTION (✅):* Tim to make an introduction for NIST or Kantara for Eric.
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge PR 159 as is.
* *ACTION:* Eric to revise PR 162 to include some consideration of localization and possibly a definition of user-visible string. *NOT DONE*
* *ACTION:* Liviu and Eric to do further coding / research work to describe what the `proof` data structure should look like in this case. *NOT DONE*
* *ACTION:* Pam to discuss CBOR signing proposal with Microsoft engineering team and report back next week. *NO UPDATE, CARRY OVER*
* *ACTION:* Eric to explore whether we can reuse the COSE protected header mechanism for RFC 3161 timestamping in the VC approach. *NOT DONE*
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to reach out to Will Kreth to explore signature scenarios. *IN PROGRESS*
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge PR #166: Update all C2PA references to point to version 2.1.
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge PR #165: Define identity assertion generator.
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to add a new PR to define “identity provider.” (See PR #169 on today’s agenda.)
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to add clause limiting COSE signature algorithms to the same list used in C2PA. (Re: PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism on today’s agenda.)
* *ACTION:* All members to review PR and flag any concerns with limiting to COSE signatures only.
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to relay comments from discussion into the chat for training and data mining PR #1: Add `cawg.social_media` entry.
* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to create a PR describing this standard HTTP interface. (See PR #168 later in today’s agenda.)

=== Discuss identity 1.x PRs

* Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/167[PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism] -- updated with COSE signature restriction
* Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/168[PR #168: Define HTTPS API for identity assertion signing services]
* Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/169[PR #169: Define identity provider]

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
