= 11 March 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== 5 min: Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

=== 5 min: New members introduction

=== 5 min: Action item update

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/41[Issue #41: Privacy when verifying VCs] – Eric to call subgroup meeting. CARRY OVER.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/42[Issue #42: Add a Slack or Discord channel for this group] – CARRY OVER.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/43[Issue #43: Create an e-mail list for this group's discussions] – CARRY OVER.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/44:[Issue #44: Review presentation with key binding] – discussed by Orie in meeting. Eric to follow up with Orie, Christian, and Riley. – CARRY OVER.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/59[PR #59: Create `1.0-draft` version of the identity assertion specification] – DONE (received the required approvals and was merged).
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/60[PR #60: Create `1.x-add-w3c-vc` version of the identity assertion specification] - UPDATED (re-review later in this meeting)
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/69[PR #69: Resolve discussion about EKU requirements] – UPDATED (review later in this meeting)

=== 5 min: Invitation to review drafts

*DISCUSSION:* As per Community Specification License process link:++https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/blob/main/governance.md#4-specification-development-process++[§4: Specification development process], I intend to submit the following three assertion specifications for working group approval (currently in draft status) in the 18 March 2024 meeting:

* xref:endorsement:ROOT:index.adoc[]
* xref:metadata:ROOT:index.adoc[]
* xref:training-and-data-mining:ROOT:index.adoc[]

[quote,Community Specification License :: Governance Policy]
____
4.2. Draft. Each Pre-Draft document of a Working Group must first be Approved to become a “Draft Specification.” Once the Working Group approves a document as a Draft Specification, the Draft Specification becomes the basis for all going forward work on that specification.

4.3. Working Group Approval. Once a Working Group believes it has achieved the objectives for its specification as described in the Scope, it will Approve that Draft Specification and progress it to “Approved Specification” status.
____

'''

=== 20 min: ICANN79 report

Jacques Latour will report on ICANN79 conference proceedings as they pertain to this work.

*RELATED:* Jacques moderated a panel discussion in which I presented on CAI, C2PA, and CAWG work. The link:https://icann.zoom.us/rec/play/DiYksDbrHJzQur91OBZmKwQL_ymxlKE1SPoSNXemWTrA0YSWtPE82CeYpWFGWa0NuMsyIACAPJTDQdoy.91PmUn7weO9Y26wt?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&startTime=1709745304000&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Ficann.zoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FtgQRWJcqsyp0QoTP_oZ3rq5mgqwPCiaWP2BVtGA5k4tOrZPcVZDOHeYx5NMnTQgh.qXXceOvRIMqBxhd0%3FstartTime%3D1709745304000[recording is here].

=== 5 min: Follow-up on EKU restriction discussion

As requested in previous meeting, I raised link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/69[PR #69: Resolve discussion about EKU requirements] to close the discussion on EKU restrictions. Review and move to approve and merge.

=== 30 min: Review open issues for identity 1.0 milestone

There are link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A1.0[13 open issues] that I've flagged as potentially relevant for the 1.0 version of the identity specification. Review these issues and make a plan for resolving them.

Related discussion: Are there other open issues that should also be flagged for 1.0?

=== 10 min: Review `1.x-add-w3c-vc` version of specification

Re-review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/60[PR #60], which creates a post-1.0 version of the specification with W3C VCs. Updated per @OR13 feedback.

=== 5 min: Closing and review

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
