= 29 July 2024

link:https://youtu.be/_pzH4MeCtjI[Meeting recording]

== Attendees

* Andreas Reich, TrustNXT
* Andy Rosen
* Candice Ward
* Christian Paquin, Microsoft
* Cole Davis, Switchchord
* David Bigsby, Government of British Columbia
* Drummond Reed, Gen Digital
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* Jesse Carter, CIRA
* Karen Kilroy, FileBaby
* Konrad Bleyer-Simon, Global Media Registry
* Lindsay Walker, Starling Labs
* Liviu Gheorghe, Adobe
* Loren Hart, Noosphere Technologies
* Michael Becker, Identity Praxis
* Misha Deville, Vidos
* Pamela Dingle, Microsoft
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Pia Blumenthal, Adobe
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Sébastien Testeau, Radio Canada
* Slava Askipenko, Proof
* Tim Cappalli, Okta
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Notes

=== New members introduction

* 🎥 _1'05":_ Liviu Gheorghe, Adobe
* 🎥 _2'23":_ Slava Askipenko, Proof
* 🎥 _3'18":_ Tim Cappalli, Okta

=== Review PR #138: Section on credential revocation

🎥 _4'17":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/138/files[PR #138: Write up section on credential revocation].

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to make minor wording changes as discussed in the meeting and merge.

=== Ratification vote on identity 1.0

🎥 _30'26":_ Decided, in light of the lengthy discussion on revocation above, to wait one more week on ratification.

*IMPORTANT:* We will vote on ratification of the 1.0 version of the identity assertion in the *5 August 2024* meeting.

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to prepare PR that removes the example questions section from the “Name collisions” section.

=== Open issues for identity 1.x

🎥 _33'38":_ Several PRs and issues were opened against the VC portion of the 1.x draft.

Clerical changes made last week: Adding section numbers and a few minor wording/proofreading changes.

==== PR #157: Unify `namedActor`, `affiliations`, and `identities` into a single `verifiedIdentities` property

🎥 _33'38":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/157[PR #157: Unify `namedActor`, `affiliations`, and `identities` into a single `verifiedIdentities` property].

*ACTION:* Liviu to re-read PR and approve. Group otherwise approves merge.

==== PR #147: Remove requirement for `id` field

🎥 _41'35":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/147[PR #147: Remove requirement for `id` field].

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge.

==== PR #146: Remove `issuer` section

🎥 _42'56":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/146[PR #146: Remove `issuer` section].

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to modify the PR to retain a link to the VC data model section on issuer and merge.

==== Issue #151: Review description of `boundTo` property

🎥 _45'21":_ Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/151[issue #151: Review description of `boundTo` property].

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to create PR with the following changes:

* Rename `boundTo` to `c2paAsset`.
* Specify that no conversion between `camelCase` and `snake_case` should be performed.
* Specify which Base-64 encoding must be used.

*ACTION (any interested members):* Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/159[PR #159], which makes the above changes.

==== Issue #155: Write section on proof mechanisms

🎥 _50'06":_ Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/155[Issue #155: Write section on proof mechanisms].

*ACTION (any interested members):* Review comments added in above issue. Group is leaning toward requiring CBOR signatures for consistency with C2PA claim generator signature.

==== Issue #115: Provide meaningful differentiation between similarly-named actors

🎥 _54'54":_ Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/115[Issue #115: Provide meaningful differentiation between similarly-named actors].

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to close as not currently feasible.

==== Issue #64: Consider stronger timestamping mechanism than W3C VC requires

🎥 _1h14'08":_ Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/64[Issue #64: Consider stronger timestamping mechanism than W3C VC requires]

Unresolved. Carry over to future meeting.
