= 05 August 2024

link:https://youtu.be/14dY8St_Acw[Meeting recording]

== Attendees

* Andreas Reich, TrustNXT
* Andy Rosen
* Christian Paquin, Microsoft
* Drummond Reed, Gen Digital
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* Karen Kilroy, FileBaby
* Liviu Gheorghe, Adobe
* Loren Hart, Noosphere Technologies
* Michael Becker, Identity Praxis
* Misha Deville, Vidos
* Pamela Dingle, Microsoft
* Paul England, Microsoft
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Tim Cappalli, Okta

== Notes

=== Review previous action items

üé• _1'07":_ Review action items from xref:2024-07-29.adoc[previous meeting]:

==== Identity assertion 1.0

* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/138/files[PR #138: Write up section on credential revocation]:* *ACTION:* Eric to make minor wording changes as discussed in the meeting and merge. ‚úÖ
* **Eric to prepare PR that removes the example questions section from the ‚ÄúName collisions‚Äù section.** ‚úÖ: link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/158[PR #158: Fold name collisions discussion into existing homoglyph and typo-squatting attack discussion] reviewed by Peleus and merged.

==== Identity assertion 1.x (VC edition)

* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/157[PR #157: Unify `namedActor`, `affiliations`, and `identities` into a single `verifiedIdentities` property].* *ACTION:* Liviu to re-read PR and approve. Group otherwise approves merge. ‚úÖ: PR #157 reviewed by Liviu and Andreas and merged.
* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/147[PR #147: Remove requirement for `id` field].* *ACTION:* Eric to merge. ‚úÖ
* *Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/146[PR #146: Remove `issuer` section].* *ACTION:* Eric to modify the PR to retain a link to the VC data model section on issuer and merge. ‚úÖ
* *Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/151[issue #151: Review description of `boundTo` property].* *ACTION:* Eric to create PR per items discussed in meeting. ‚úÖ: We will discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/159[PR #159] later in this meeting.
* *Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/155[issue #155: Write section on proof mechanisms].* *ACTION (any interested members):* Review comments added in this issue. Will discuss later in this meeting.
* *Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/115[issue #115: Provide meaningful differentiation between similarly-named actors].* *ACTION:* Eric to close as not currently feasible. ‚úÖ

=== 5 min: Identity 1.0 ratification vote POSTPONED

üé• _3'26":_ Late last week, we received a request to consider some new feedback and so the ratification vote is delayed until we can meet with the involved parties.

=== 45 min: Open issues for identity 1.x

==== Review PR #159: Rename `boundTo` to `c2paAsset` and clarify some items

üé• _4'19":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/159[PR #159: Rename `boundTo` to `c2paAsset` and clarify some items].

There was a lengthy discussion about alternatives for what to call the `signer_payload` entry within the asset-specific credential. Ultimately, the group zeroed in on the existing proposal to rename `boundTo` to `c2paAsset`.

*ACTION (‚úÖ):* Eric to merge PR 159 as is.

==== Review PR #162: Tweak wording of `provider.name` entry

üé• _23'07":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/162[PR #162: Tweak wording of `provider.name` entry].

*ACTION:* Eric to revise PR 162 to include some consideration of localization and possibly a definition of user-visible string.

==== Review issue #160: Determine structure for `verifiedIdentities[?\].proof`

üé• _30'50":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/160[issue #160: Determine structure for `verifiedIdentities[?\].proof`].

*ACTION:* Liviu and Eric to do further coding / research work to describe what the `proof` data structure should look like in this case.

==== Review issue #155: Write section on proofs

üé• _32'26":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/155[issue #155: Write section on proofs].

Again, tentative agreement that we would should use only COSE signatures to secure the VCs.

*ACTION:* Pam to discuss with Microsoft engineering team and report back next week.

==== Review issue #64: Consider stronger timestamping mechanism than W3C VC requires

üé• _36'43":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/64[issue #64: Consider stronger timestamping mechanism than W3C VC requires].

*ACTION:* Eric to explore whether we can reuse the COSE protected header mechanism for RFC 3161 timestamping in the VC approach.

==== Review issue #163: Does the approach taken in ¬ß8.1 change if issuer == named actor?

üé• _56'59":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/163[issue #163: Does the approach taken in ¬ß8.1 change if issuer == named actor?]

*ACTION:* Eric to reach out to Will Kreth to explore signature scenarios.
