= 09 September 2024

link:https://youtu.be/ZmwZYaAmf94[Meeting recording]

== Attendees

* Adrian Polesanu, Adobe
* Andy Rosen, Sequence Key
* Christian Paquin, Microsoft
* Clement Hecquet, Digimarc
* Cullen Miller, Spawning AI
* David Bigsby, Government of British Columbia
* Eli Mallon, Aquareum
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* Jacques Latour, CIRA
* Jesse Carter, CIRA
* Karen Kilroy, FileBaby
* Konrad Bleyer-Simon, Global Media Registry
* Lindsay Walker, Starling Labs
* Loren Hart, Noosphere Technologies
* Misha Deville, Vidos
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Paul England, Microsoft
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Tim Cappalli, Okta
* Utkarsh Sharma, Vlinder
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Notes

=== Upcoming meeting changes

üé• _1'13":_ Two upcoming meetings are cancelled:

* 23 September 2024 *cancelled* (schedule conflict)
* 25 November 2024 *cancelled* (US Thanksgiving holiday week)

=== New members introduction

* üé• _2'17":_ Adrian Polesanu, Adobe

=== Review previous action items

üé• _2'42":_ Review action items from last two meetings:

* *ACTION:* Eric to revise PR 162 to include some consideration of localization and possibly a definition of user-visible string. *NOT DONE, CARRY OVER*
* *ACTION:* Liviu and Eric to do further coding / research work to describe what the `proof` data structure should look like in this case. *NOT DONE* (De-prioritize given shift to identity claim aggregation?)
* *ACTION:* Pam to discuss CBOR signing proposal with Microsoft engineering team and report back next week. *NO UPDATE, CARRY OVER*
* *ACTION:* Eric to explore whether we can reuse the COSE protected header mechanism for RFC 3161 timestamping in the VC approach. *NO UPDATE, CARRY OVER*
* *ACTION:* Eli to submit a PR adding support for K-256 signatures in CAWG. Group to discuss once available. *NOT DONE, CARRY OVER*
* *ACTION (‚úÖ):* David to propose new wording to encompass full-fledged verifiable credential issuers in addition to observed authentication to social media and similar sites.
* *ACTION (‚úÖ):* Jacques to propose new wording to express that the trust decision still remains in the hands of the (human) identity assertion consumer.
* *ACTION (‚úÖ):* Eric to close PR 168 without merging.
* *ACTION (‚úÖ):* Eric to merge PR 169.
* *ACTION (‚úÖ):* Eric to draft a PR to change the name from ‚ÄúW3C verifiable credentials‚Äù to ‚ÄúIdentity claim aggregation‚Äù as described.

=== Approval for identity assertion 1.0

üé• _6'30":_ *MOTION:* As per Community Specification License process link:++https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/blob/main/governance.md#4-specification-development-process++[¬ß4: Specification development process], I move to promote the xref:identity:ROOT:index.adoc[] from draft to approved (version 1.0 final) status:

[quote,Community Specification License :: Governance Policy]
____
4.2. Draft. Each Pre-Draft document of a Working Group must first be Approved to become a ‚ÄúDraft Specification.‚Äù Once the Working Group approves a document as a Draft Specification, the Draft Specification becomes the basis for all going forward work on that specification.

4.3. Working Group Approval. Once a Working Group believes it has achieved the objectives for its specification as described in the Scope, it will Approve that Draft Specification and progress it to ‚ÄúApproved Specification‚Äù status.
____

*DECISION:* Approved.

=== Review PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism

üé• _8'19":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/167/files[PR #167: Define VC proofing mechanism].

No action; still awaiting feedback from Microsoft on viability of COSE envelope as only signature mechanism.

*ACTION:* Eli to submit a GitHub issue for the group to consider EIP-712 credentials as an autonomous signing mechanism.

*ACTION:* Jacques to submit a GitHub issue for the group to consider using domain-name based DIDs as an autonomous signing mechanism.

=== Review PR #175: Rename ¬ß8.1 to ‚ÄúIdentity claim aggregation‚Äù

üé• _18'46":_ Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/175[PR #175: Rename ¬ß8.1 to ‚ÄúIdentity claim aggregation‚Äù].

*ACTION (‚úÖ): Eric to make minor changes as discussed in the meeting and merge.

* Rename from "identity claim aggregation" (singular) to "identity _claims_ aggregation" (plural).
* Remove use of term "creator identity assertion credential" in favor of "identity claims aggregation."
