= 21 October 2024

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and community specification license reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

* *ACTION (✅):* Merged PRs as approved in previous meeting:
** link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/190[PR #190: Consolidate wording about `cawg.` labels]
** link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/191[PR #191: Remove `proof` entry from `verifiedIdentities\[n\]` structure]
** link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/192[PR #192: Add option to use RFC 3161 timestamp in ICA COSE signature]

* *ACTION (✅):* Eric to call subgroup meeting regarding link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/187[PR #187: Add support for verified presentations] and link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/53[issue #53: Explore questions of anonymized credentials and how they might be expressed in the standard]. Outcome: No clear consensus on interoperable use case for W3C Verifiable Presentation. Move to withdraw PR 187.

=== Review PR #188: Add support for domain control validation (DCV) aka verified web site

Discuss link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/188[PR #188: Add support for domain control validation (DCV) aka verified web site]

=== Review PR #187: Add support for verified presentations

Move to withdraw link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/187[PR #187: Add support for verified presentations].

Discuss the following two issues, which 187 was intended to close:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/33[#33: When to verify credentials?] – Suggested outcome: Reopen and assign to post 1.1 milestone.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/179[#179: Describe how ICA should request a Verifiable Presentation and how to describe that in VC] – Suggested outcome: Leave closed unless a use case arises.

=== Review open issues

Discuss the following issues open against 1.1 milestone:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/53[#53: Explore questions of anonymized credentials and how they might be expressed in the standard] – Suggested outcome: Reopen and assign to post 1.1 milestone.
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/171[#171: Recommend (require?) use of bitstring status lists for revocation?]
* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/195[#195: Make sure identity claims aggregation model is well understood]

=== Open discussion: What questions to ask at IIW?

I will be at link:https://internetidentityworkshop.com[Internet Identity Workshop] next week.

* What questions or topics should I bring to the unconference?
* What would you like the IIW crowd to know about what we're doing?

Suggestions:

* link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/92[Issue #92: Discuss wallet workflow with Open Wallet Foundation]

=== Closing and review

REMINDER: No meeting next week (IIW conflict).

Invitation to subsequent meetings, which will typically be on Mondays.
