= 17 November 2025

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Welcome and W3C IPR reminder
* Please comment in the chat for attendance

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

=== Readout from media identifiers TF

Discussion from media identifiers TF about progress toward best-practices guide and metadata assertion spec.

=== Review metadata assertion PR #5: Add media identifiers guidance

Review and possibly merge https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/5[metadata assertion PR #5: Add media identifiers guidance].

IMPORTANT: I plan to submit the resulting specification for WG ratification in the next meeting on 1 December.

=== Review identity assertion PR #240: Add media identifiers guidance

Review and possibly merge https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/240[identity PR #240: Add X.509 trust model guidance].

=== Review identity assertion PR #241: Add media identifiers guidance

Review and possibly merge https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/244[identity PR #241: Add X.509 trust model guidance].

=== Ratify identity assertion 1.2 draft?

Proposal: Mark identity assertion 1.2 as completed after merging above two PRs and submit to steering committee for final ratification.

=== Discussion: How to handle identity assertion validation in network-constrained environments?

Some implementors are surprised by the requirement to make network calls to validate CAWG identity assertion credentials. Discuss possible guidance for this issue.

=== Discussion: Adoption of vLEI organizational credentials

New interest in supporting vLEI (see https://gleif.org) credentials and possible new members to help guide us in implementation. Initial discussion and scoping conversation.
