= 16 June 2025

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and membership information.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Welcome and W3C IPR reminder
* Please comment in the chat for attendance

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

* Eric: Work with Andrew, Richard, Phillippe to address outstanding concerns in PR 4.
* Luke: Move part of identity assertion spec to credential schemas WG?

=== Readout from CAI Summit

_(Will limit discussion to 30 minutes to allow time for other topics.)_

link:https://www.contentauthenticitysummit.com[Content Authenticity Summit] was held at Cornell Tech in New York City on 4 June 2025. Some public reflections are published here:

* link:https://ericscouten.dev/2025/content-authenticity-summit/[Eric's developer blog] (includes slide decks I used in two breakout sessions)
* link:https://contentauthenticity.org/blog/content-authenticity-summit-2025[Andy Parson's reflections]

A small group of CAWG members met in person at Adobe the next day. Some highlights:

* *We aren't promoting CAWG sufficiently.* We could -- and should -- promote CAWG's work as part of a broader C2PA ecosystem. CAWG's landing page needs more explanation of what we're providing and aiming to provide in future. ACTION: Eric to work with team at Adobe and CAI team to design new landing page content. Interested parties, please speak up.
** *Let's introduce the term C2PA _ecosystem_* to bring together the various groups that are working to build upon the core C2PA spec (CAWG, JPEG Trust, PDF, ONVIF, SMPTE, etc.). ACTION: Eric and Leonard to organize an initial ecosystem meeting.
** Remember Hany Farid's comment in closing keynote: "Digital identity is the key to the whole process." (Approximate quote -- review video for exact wording.)
** Provide a better public explanation for why C2PA and CAWG are separate.

* Consider who to reach out to for both credential providers and content creator communities. Some examples:
** Aside from list below, what creator ecosystems are hurting from impacts of deepfakes and AI.
** IPTC / news media community
** Other industry verticals
** Mobile providers
** Mobile software developers (esp. Truepic) -- Scott will reach out
** Mobile device manufacturers (see later item about Apple announcement)
** Travel / experience industry (AirBNB, etc.) -- link up with DIF Travel SIG
** Insurance industry
** Brand representatives (consider especially the case of brands licensing their IP to individual creators to create licensed derivative content)
** Talent / entertainment broadly
** Governments
** Personhood credential providers (noted interest from First Person Credential project -- will follow up with Drummond when he's back from vacation)
** Monitor ToIP personhood credential and verifiable relationship credential work. ToIP very interested to collaborate with us.

* Create a toolkit / template for industry adoption of the CAWG spec. (Similar to what we're starting to do with IPTC.)

* Who else should be present at CAWG meetings?

* Consider replacing the name "identity" with "attribution."

* Agentic identity

=== Review existing PRs against metadata assertion

There are link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pulls[four open pull requests] against the 1.2 metadata assertion draft.

=== Incoming identity assertion spec requests

* link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/233[#233: Linked web sites with annotations]
* (No ticket yet) Provide mechanism for CAWG X.509 users (enterprises) to describe social media
* Review link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/milestone/10[`post-1.1` milestone] and transfer issues to 1.2 milestone

=== Apple announcement about document verification API

Who has reviewed this and can speak to what will become possible in iOS 26?

=== Agentic identity

Open discussion: What should we be tuning in to?

Invite Wenjing and other ToIP members to help.

=== Schedule changes

Scott will run media identifiers TF meeting on 23 June.

30 June: No chairs available. Cancel or have a "no major decisions" meeting so people can talk to each other?

Do we continue APAC meetings? Low attendance.
