= 29 September 2025 (Media Identifiers Task Force)

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Welcome and W3C IPR reminder
* Please comment in the chat for attendance

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== (Final?) review of metadata assertion PR #5: Add media identifiers guidance

Review https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/5[metadata assertion PR #5: Add media identifiers guidance].

New language added in externally-defined data sources section regarding URN values.

ACTION: Decide if assertion is ready to present to full CAWG group for inclusion in metadata assertion 1.2?

=== Review from UMG

ACTION: Check with Jeremy regarding supply-chain team review of new language.

=== Next steps?

In previous meeting, Richard suggested forming a Media and Entertainment Best Practices Working Group to provide media-sector specific guidance on the kinds of metadata and registries that appropriate to different sectors. Is that the successor to the current effort?
