= 14 July 2025

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and membership information.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Welcome and W3C IPR reminder
* Please comment in the chat for attendance

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

Action items xref:2025-06-16-na-eu.adoc[from previous meeting]:

*ACTION:* Eric to coordinate with DIF GitHub owners to re-tag the 1.1 versions of the specs with language that reflects final status. → DONE

*ACTION:* Eric to work with team at Adobe and CAI team to design new landing page content. → NOT DONE. Resuming effort later today.

*ACTION:* Eric and Leonard to organize an initial C2PA ecosystem meeting. → NOT DONE. Eric to follow up with Leonard later this week.

*ACTION:* Eric to reach out to Wenjing and other ToIP members to build tighter collaboration on agentic identity. → UNDERWAY. Will discuss later in agenda.

=== Readout from GDC

Scott will give a readout from GDC earlier this month.

=== Scope for identity assertion 1.2 effort

There are link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/milestone/10[38 open issues and one pull request] against the `post-1.1` milestone for identity assertion. Prioritize issues to pull into 1.2 effort.

=== Agentic identity discussion

Tentatively planning to use next meeting (28 July) for a scope-of-work discussion for agentic identity within CAWG with invited guests from ToIP (Wenjing Chu), DIF (Andor Kesselman), and C2PA (Leonard Rosenthol and Karen Kilroy). Goal: Establish boundary between CAWG effort vs C2PA AI/ML working group. Anyone else we should invite?

=== CAWG home page redo

At NY on-site discussion last month, the CAWG home page was identified as a concern. It doesn't do much to _market_ or explain the CAWG effort. What would we like to say at cawg.io?

=== Review open issues for training and data mining assertion

Review link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-training-and-data-mining-assertion/issues[five open issues] against training and data mining assertion.

=== Review metadata assertion PR #5: Add media identifiers appendix

Review link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/5[metadata assertion PR #5: Add media identifiers appendix].

Still in draft, but looking for guidance and feedback.

=== Continue APAC meetings?

Low attendance at APAC meetings. Should we cancel?
