= 21 April 2025

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and membership information.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and W3C IPR reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

From xref:2025-03-24-na-eu.adoc[]:

*ACTION:* Eric agreed to add a note to PR 211 clarifying that if a validator stops processing at the first failure, there may be other undetected failures. → Carry over.

*ACTION (✅):* Eric, Otto, and Juan to discuss merging language with Otto’s proposal in #223. Once we’ve agreed, approved to merge this PR. -> *DONE*

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge PR 219.

*ACTION:* Luke to submit a PR adding a JSON-LD context document. -> ?

*ACTION (✅):* Eric to work with Kim and Juan to determine the co-chair election process. -> *DONE*

*ACTION (✅):* Eric and Andrew to arrange a 1:1 meeting to follow up on identity hooks. -> *DONE* (See also Andrew's IIW talk when proceedings are available.)

=== Review PR #227: Consolidate guidance around JSON schema document

Review link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/227[Review PR #227: Consolidate guidance around JSON schema document].

=== Intent to submit for working group approval

*ACTION:* All members to review the following draft specifications and make any objections known prior to 5 May 2025 meeting. Highlights of changes since the previous ratified versions of each are called out here:

* link:https://cawg.io/identity/1.1-draft/[Identity assertion, 1.1-draft]
** Added link:https://cawg.io/identity/1.1-draft/#_identity_claims_aggregation[Identity claims aggregation]
** Transition to DIF licensing and governance
* link:https://cawg.io/metadata/1.1-draft/[Metadata assertion, 1.1-draft]
** Transition to DIF licensing and governance
* link:https://cawg.io/training-and-data-mining/1.1-draft/[Training and data mining assertion, 1.1-draft]
** Fixed an inconsistency between schema and example
** Transition to DIF licensing and governance

NOTE: Not currently calling for WG approval on endorsement assertion. Consider archiving this spec for lack of interest?

=== Co-chair election

*Process proposal:* After today's meeting, we will open an election for one co-chair position (to serve alongside Eric Scouten). In the event there are multiple candidates, we will choose the candidate by [San Francisco-style ranked choice voting](https://opavote.com/methods/instant-runoff-voting#san-francisco-rcv). The election will be open for seven calendar days and the new co-chair will serve starting with the next meeting on 7 May.

Open floor for candidates to self-nominate.
