= 16 June 2025 (NA/EU)

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/play/7152akWgb8gWfYrSA-0lmjuJ5QL8-q1nOT-Xw-8yMToSytazI6HQI3UMgSMSaEjAESr2VT8-d-eObiUB.h2WEkgiFfrps52wD?eagerLoadZvaPages=sidemenu.billing.plan_management&accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fus02web.zoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FW-i430dEJXx5CM6NQZw5qDblYTQwEeuY6JvULGYV5zvzjpyBVN-jWYaN-fwEv5Ka.x5s2vCmcw0m49dqU[Meeting recording] (1h28m)

== Attendees

* Alex Tweeddale, Cheqd
* Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa
* Andy Rosen, Sequence Key
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Juan Caballero, DIF
* Luke Nispel, OriginVault
* Makki Elfatih, HKDolts
* Nathan Freitas, ProofMode
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Philippe Mougin, AFP
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Meeting notes

=== Review previous action items

ðŸŽ¥ _5'09":_ Reviewed previous action items.

* Eric to work with Andrew, Richard, Phillippe to address outstanding concerns in PR 4. â†’ NOT DONE (although covered effectively in this meeting)

* Luke to move part of identity assertion spec to credential schemas WG? â†’ Proposals reviewed and discussed. Agreed that Eric would sit in on upcoming CSWG to understand further. Not removing specs from CAWG custody yet.

=== New members introduction

* ðŸŽ¥ _15'29":_ Nathan Freitas, link:https://proofmode.org/[ProofMode]
** See link:https://proofmode.org/blog/cuttingroom[ProofMode's post about their collaboration with CuttingRoom].

=== Readout from CAI Summit

ðŸŽ¥ _21'04":_ Discussed the link:https://www.contentauthenticitysummit.com[Content Authenticity Summit] that was held at Cornell Tech in New York City on 4 June 2025. Some public reflections are published here:

* link:https://ericscouten.dev/2025/content-authenticity-summit/[Eric's developer blog] (includes slide decks I used in two breakout sessions)
* link:https://contentauthenticity.org/blog/content-authenticity-summit-2025[Andy Parson's reflections]

A small group of CAWG members met in person at Adobe the next day. Some highlights:

* *We aren't promoting CAWG sufficiently.* We could -- and should -- promote CAWG's work as part of a broader C2PA ecosystem. CAWG's landing page needs more explanation of what we're providing and aiming to provide in future. *ACTION:* Eric to work with team at Adobe and CAI team to design new landing page content. Interested parties, please speak up.
** *Let's introduce the term C2PA _ecosystem_* to bring together the various groups that are working to build upon the core C2PA spec (CAWG, JPEG Trust, PDF, ONVIF, SMPTE, etc.). *ACTION:* Eric and Leonard to organize an initial ecosystem meeting.
** Remember Hany Farid's comment in closing keynote: "Digital identity is the key to the whole process." (Approximate quote -- review video for exact wording.)
** Provide a better public explanation for why C2PA and CAWG are separate.

* Consider who to reach out to for both credential providers and content creator communities. Some examples:
** Aside from list below, what creator ecosystems are hurting from impacts of deepfakes and AI.
** IPTC / news media community
** Other industry verticals
** Mobile providers
** Mobile software developers (esp. Truepic) -- Scott will reach out
** Mobile device manufacturers (see later item about Apple announcement)
** Travel / experience industry (AirBNB, etc.) -- link up with DIF Travel SIG
** Insurance industry
** Brand representatives (consider especially the case of brands licensing their IP to individual creators to create licensed derivative content)
** Talent / entertainment broadly
** Governments
** Personhood credential providers (noted interest from First Person Credential project -- will follow up with Drummond when he's back from vacation)
** Monitor ToIP personhood credential and verifiable relationship credential work. ToIP very interested to collaborate with us.

* Create a toolkit / template for industry adoption of the CAWG spec. (Similar to what we're starting to do with IPTC.)

* Who else should be present at CAWG meetings?

* Consider replacing the name "identity" with "attribution."

* Agentic identity

=== Review metadata assertion PR #2: Update C2PA technical spec references to use version 2.2

ðŸŽ¥ _50'54":_ Reviewed metadata assertion link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/2[PR #2: Update C2PA technical spec references to use version 2.2].

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to merge PR.

=== Review metadata assertion PR #3: Add link to standard terms

ðŸŽ¥ _51'51":_ Reviewed metadata assertion link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/3[PR #3: Add link to standard terms].

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to merge PR.

=== Review metadata assertion PR #6: Clarifies intended use and adjusts use with identity assertion

ðŸŽ¥ _52'20":_ Reviewed metadata assertion link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/6[PR #6: Clarifies intended use and adjusts use with identity assertion].

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to merge PR.

NOTE: This PR incorporates the existing link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/4[PR #4: Recommend use of identity assertion to attest to metadata authorship], so that PR was closed automatically.

Also, based on discussion (starting at ðŸŽ¥ _1h00'53"), I filed link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/issues/7[issue #7: Consider adding a mechanism for metadata assertion generators to alter the default attestation].

=== Incoming identity assertion spec requests

ðŸŽ¥ _1h10'12":_ Briefly called attention to upcoming requests for the identity assertion spec. Will discuss further in upcoming meetings.

* link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/233[#233: Linked web sites with annotations]
* (No ticket yet) Provide mechanism for CAWG X.509 users (enterprises) to describe social media
* Review link:https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/milestone/10[`post-1.1` milestone] and transfer issues to 1.2 milestone

=== Apple announcement about document verification API

ðŸŽ¥ _1h12'45":_ Brief discussion about Apple's announcement at WWDC that document verification APIs would be added to iOS 26, expected later this year. Some relevant links that were shared:

* link:https://www.biometricupdate.com/202506/support-for-w3c-digital-credentials-api-digital-identity-passports-part-of-ios-26[Biometric Update: Support for W3C Digital Credentials API, digital identity passports part of iOS 26]
* link:https://developer.apple.com/documentation/proximityreader/adopting-the-verifier-api-in-your-iphone-app[Apple Developer: Adopting the Verifier API in your iPhone app]
* link:https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/id-verifier[Apple Developer: ID Verifier]

=== Clerical change

ðŸŽ¥ _1h15'53":_ 1.1 version of specs say "still waiting on steer co approval."

*ACTION:* Eric to coordinate with DIF GitHub owners to re-tag the 1.1 versions of the specs with language that reflects final status.

=== Schedule changes

ðŸŽ¥ _1h16'47":_ Eric on vacation next two weeks.

* Scott will run media identifiers TF meeting on 23 June.
* CAWG meeting on 30 June cancelled. (Scott also not available.)

Discussed concern about low attendance at APAC meeting. Will discuss in today's APAC meeting and may cancel further instances.

=== Agentic identity

ðŸŽ¥ _1h20'34":_ Open discussion: What should we be tuning in to?

*ACTION:* Eric to reach out to Wenjing and other ToIP members to build tighter collaboration.

Related: ToIP recently released a white paper describing how C2PA+CAWG and Trust Spanning Protocol (TSP) from ToIP can be used in collaboration. See link:https://www.lfdecentralizedtrust.org/blog/how-can-we-trust-what-we-see-online-heres-one-way-forward[How Can We Trust What We See Online? Here's One Way Forward].
