= 08 September 2025

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/qx3lC2VWbvi7kWsj2LU89w6qBWH905XYZ1JUuQPCvH6n2ry9PsQsgI0jAy_k91f_.Obzu1eeZ9ayDERaG[Meeting recording] (1h31m)

== Attendees

* Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa
* Andy Rosen, Sequence Key
* Colin Murphy, Adobe
* Dylan Ross, Adobe
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Erik Passoja, SAG/AFTRA
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* Jenny Pretz, DDEX/RIAA
* Jeremie Charrier, Proof.com
* Jeremy Uzan, Universal Music
* Juan Caballero, DIF
* Misha Deville, Vidos
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Philippe Mougin, AFP
* Philippe Rixhon, JPEG Trust
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Santiago Lyon, Adobe
* Scott Jones, RealEyes
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Victor Grey, JLINC
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Meeting notes

=== New members introduction

* üé• _8'30":_ Jeremie Charrier, Proof.com
* üé• _9'14":_ Jenny Pretz, DDEX/RIAA
* üé• _10'04":_ Misha Deville, Vidos

=== Review previous action items

üé• _10'37":_ Reviewed previous action items:

* *ACTION:* Eric to reach out to Wenjing and other ToIP members to build tighter collaboration on agentic identity. -> UNDERWAY. No new developments.
* *ACTION:* Eric to explore promotional video ideas. -> UNDERWAY. Working with Adobe team to build a new 1-2 minute video that we can use on site. ETA ~~late August~~ -> early September.
* *ACTION:* Scott to work up initial draft text to use on CAWG home page. -> DONE. Eric to include on new site.
* *ACTION:* Luke to revise endorsement PR #11 to incorporate suggestions from Andrew's presentation.
* *ACTION:* Referred metadata assertion PR #5 back to media identifiers TF to finalize wording and fill in TO DO items. -> UNDERWAY. Partially done in last week's meeting.
* *ACTION:* Andrew to propose updating examples in remainder of metadata asertion spec to match this suggested usage. -> NOT DONE
* *ACTION:* Eric to revise wording to encourage use of human-language and URN-based identifiers. -> NOT DONE
* *ACTION:* Drummond and Andrew to meet to ensure that FPP and CAWG VC efforts are technically aligned. -> NOT DONE

=== Review metadata assertion PR #5: Media identifiers TF

üé• _12'31":_ Reviewed https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/5[metadata assertion PR #5: Media identifiers TF], specifically the phrase:

____
A CAWG metadata assertion MAY also contain other metadata not directly described in this section.
_(TO DO: Reword to make it more clear that metadata other than media identifiers can be used in the same metadata assertion. Discuss in full CAWG meeting.)_
____

*ACTION:* Eric to revise this sentence and move it into the non-normative introduction section (currently ¬ß6.1).

=== Follow up on 1.2 VC additions

üé• _20'31":_ Discussed https://cawg.io/meeting-notes/2025-08-11/#_upcoming_cawg_prs[Upcoming CAWG PRs] discussed in 11 August meeting.

Andrew previewed an initial draft of the first PR which allows generic VCs and VPs to be incorporated into the identity assertion framework.

*ACTION:* Andrew to review notes from this discussion and incorporate into a formal draft PR to review in an upcoming meeting.

*ACTION:* Eric to convene a joint meeting with DIF's Credential Schema Working Group after this PR has gone through another round of CAWG review.

*ACTION:* Group to revisit the question of what goes into `signer_payload` and what goes into the `signature` field.

=== Update from JPEG Trust

üé• _56'02":_ Phillippe Rixhon provided an update on JPEG Trust, highlighting its progress as a standard in development with partial implementation in European projects. He emphasized the importance of digital identity and wallets in Europe by 2027, noting that this will have a significant impact worldwide, particularly in e-commerce and content access.

Philippe stressed the need for compatibility between CAWG and the EU digital identity framework, identifying this as a crucial area for future development and collaboration. (Good news: When asked about the work on general-purpose VCs and VPs that Andrew presented earlier, Phillippe suggested that we ‚Äúin good shape‚Äù to develop a standard that s compatible with EU DI framework.)

EU IPO, the Intellectual Property Office of the European Union, published in May https://www.euipo.europa.eu/en/news/euipo-releases-study-on-generative-artificial-intelligence-and-copyright[an important study on Gen AI] from the point of view of copyright.
