= 14 July 2025 (APAC)

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/jA7jDLRIdU6YhhcF6QcN4eyiJENVSdFu2j4MP1qv2V_5J3oNrOenzvX5nfycvDFX.TyrVrUEOmzWyJ4xI[Meeting recording] (43m)

== Attendees

* Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* John Phillips, Sezoo
* Victor Lu, independent consultant

== Meeting notes

=== Continue APAC meetings?

ðŸŽ¥ _5'07":_ APAC meetings have not been well attended. Should we cancel?

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to cancel upcoming CAWG APAC meetings.

=== Promoting CAWG in APAC region

ðŸŽ¥ _11'40":_ Long discussion about how we might build more interest in CAWG in the APAC region. Some specific outcomes:

*ACTION:* John to look into having Eric and/or Scott present to link:https://openid.net/cg/australian-digital-trust-community-group/[OpenID Foundation Australia's Digital Trust Community Group].

*ACTION:* Eric to investigate presenting to DIF's Asia Pacific interest group.

*ACTION:* Victor to look into having Eric and/or Scott present to link:https://todogroup.org/community/meetings/[ToDo group], another LF member organization.

*ACTION:* John to look into possible presentations to Australia, New Zealand, and Japanese governments. All are known to be interested in identity and provenance.

=== CAWG home page redo

ðŸŽ¥ _21'00":_ Recap of discussion from NA/EU meeting about CAWG home page.

John suggested reviewing the UN Transparency Protocol web site for inspiration:

* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-untp/tree/main[GitHub repo]
* https://uncefact.github.io/spec-untp/[Public site]
