= 15 December 2025

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Welcome and W3C IPR reminder
* Please comment in the chat for attendance

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

* *ACTION:* Group to add language to UX guidance doc to address Pierre Mougin's concern that we have two potential locations to state publisher identity (metadata assertion vs identity assertion). -> Will result in revisions to metadata assertion.
* *ACTION:* Eric to work with Scott on https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/247[spinning up a trust registry task force (issue #247)] and with Andrew on spinning up a VC integration task force. -> Will spin up in new year.

=== Re-ratify CAWG identity 1.2

PROPOSAL: Re-approve the https://cawg.io/identity/1.2+rework-verifiable-identifier/[CAWG identity assertion 1.2] given changes requested by DIF SC.

=== Ratify UX guidance document?

PROPOSAL: Approve the https://cawg.io/ux-guidance/1.0-draft+initial-draft/[UX guidance draft document] and submit to DIF SC for approval.

=== Meet on 22 December?

The alternate-week meeting next Monday is still on the calendar. Will there be critical mass for that, or should we defer until first meeting in January?

Reminder: Full CAWG meeting on 29 December is cancelled for holiday cheer and travel.

=== Re-discuss: Offline resolution of verifiable identifiers

What guidance (if any) should we offer to CAWG identity assertion consumers who need to operate in network-constrained environments?
