= 13 October 2025

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/lteH2ZtVltjceRpQdH24xbMOo9V2zVEelXC-X8oFlnvYwLnkE2tp7sAEjEaHFOZF.pLbiJE_owNf4eDfd[Meeting recording] (1h10m)

== Attendees

* Andrea van Arkel, European Signature Dialog
* Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa
* Charlie Halford, BBC
* Enrico Entschew, D-Trust
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Erik Passoja, SAG/AFTRA
* Felix von Rosenberg, D-Trust
* Howie Singer, RIAA
* Judith Fleenor
* Makki Elfatih, HKDolts
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Philippe Mougin, AFP
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* Tom Jones
* Urayoan Camacho, DTI (Digital Trust International)
* Utkarsh Sharma, Vlinder
* Victor Grey, JLINC
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

=== European Signature Dialog introduction

🎥 _8'29":_ Scott invited several guests from https://www.european-signature-dialog.eu[European Signature Dialog] to join today's meeting. Generally speaking, these represent EU qualified signature providers (CAs) who are interested in supporting European content creators' efforts to sign CAWG identity assertions.

=== New members introduction

* 🎥 _9'52":_ Judith Fleenor
* 🎥 _11'07":_ Andrea van Arkel, European Signature Dialog
* 🎥 _12'36":_ Enrico Entschew, D-Trust
* 🎥 _13'32":_ Felix von Rosenberg, D-Trust
* 🎥 _14'21":_ Urayoan Camacho, DTI (Digital Trust International)
* 🎥 _15'25":_ Utkarsh Sharma, Vlinder

=== Review of CAWG purpose

🎥 _16'37":_ Eric gave a quick recap of the group's purpose and work to date.

=== Review previous action items

🎥 _19'40":_ Skipped review of action items. Status summarized here:

* *ACTION:* Eric to reach out to Wenjing and other ToIP members to build tighter collaboration on agentic identity. -> UNDERWAY. No new developments. (We'll talk at IIW.)
* *ACTION:* Eric to explore promotional video ideas. -> UNDERWAY. Working with Adobe team to build a new 1-2 minute video that we can use on site. ETA late September.
* *ACTION:* Andrew to propose updating examples in remainder of metadata asertion spec to match this suggested usage.
* *ACTION:* Eric to revise wording to encourage use of human-language and URN-based identifiers. -> DONE (See https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/5/commits/fea4dc981d58663cc7a5c666dd354ff40ddef177[commit `fea4dc`].)
* *ACTION:* Drummond and Andrew to meet to ensure that FPP and CAWG VC efforts are technically aligned.

=== Review identity assertion PR #240: Add X.509 trust model guidance

🎥 _20'13":_ Discussed https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/240[identity assertion PR #240: Add X.509 trust model guidance].

This PR proposes a trust model for X.509 certificates, which is important to making the identity assertion usable and interoperable in practice. The proposed interim trust model leverages existing S/MIME email signature infrastructure with a validity window until March 2027 during which time a certificate governance program more appropriate to content signing will be developed.

*ACTIONS:* Some edits were requested by the group:

* 🎥 _30'18":_ Scott and Charlie to explore options for broadening the time stamp authority requirements beyond the set of CAs specifically allowed by the C2PA. -> *IN PROGRESS* (See https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues/242[issue 242].)
* 🎥 _33'25":_ Scott to elaborate on the criteria for inclusion of roots of trust in the CAWG-mandated trust configuration.
* 🎥 _40'42":_ Eric to replace “CAWG trust list” name with “CAWG trust configuration.”
* 🎥 _43'10":_ Eric to revise wording around “must accept certificate” to something like “must treat as trusted.”
* 🎥 _1h04'06":_ Richard to explore options for recognizing industry sector statements as extended metadata in X.509 certificates.

=== Review identity assertion PR #241: Add guidance for display of named actor logo

🎥 _50'38":_ Discussed https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/241[identity assertion PR #241: Add guidance for display of named actor logo].

🎥 _53'26":_ *ACTION:* Eric to incorporate feedback from Charlie suggesting that a validator should only display a logo when a certificate is deemed trusted.

=== Invitation: Media identifiers TF subgroup meeting

🎥 _1h05'04":_ Invitation to join subgroup working on last-minute edits to https://cawg.io/metadata/1.2-draft+media-identifiers/#_use_with_media_industry_identifiers[proposed section 6 of metadata assertion] and how this group interacts with the forthcoming work of the JPEG Trust initiative. Group will be meeting next three Wednesdays at 8am Pacific. Contact mailto:erikpassoja@gmail.com[Erik Passoja] for details.

=== Reminder: CAWG Slack channel

🎥 _1h08'02":_ Reminder that there is a CAWG-specific Slack channel on the DIF Slack. Contact mailto:scouten@adobe.com[Eric Scouten] for details.
