= 24 March 2025

Please see xref:ROOT:index.adoc#_meeting_schedule[Meeting schedule] for schedule information and to request an invitation.

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

* Start recording
* Welcome and W3C IPR reminder
* Agenda review and call for agenda items

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

*ACTION:* Eric agreed to add a note to PR 211 clarifying that if a validator stops processing at the first failure, there may be other undetected failures.

=== PR #211: Add instructions for identity claims aggregation validators

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/211[PR #211: Add instructions for identity claims aggregation validators].

Discussed in several prior meetings and I believe this is now ready for final review. 

=== PR #219: Add JSON Schema document

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/219[PR #219: Add JSON Schema document]. Looking for expertise in reading JSON Schema.

=== PR #217: Fix typo: use `gathered_assertions` instead of `generated_assertions`

Review link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/217[PR #217: Fix typo: use `gathered_assertions` instead of `generated_assertions`].

=== Naming co-chairs

Will commence the process after IIW. Working with Kim and Juan to determine process. Happy to talk with people who are interested in helping to lead the working group.

=== FedID demo

J-LINC will demo FedID.
