= 24 March 2025 (NA/EU)

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/play/tBBQLU_gmtLQpl6ngjBVQCAB2FuXvbwXOsZQBRW4WB7_HVxnJlw-RGNwtU5-qoPDFwidQFmt9hlX_HcM.it8pipjdshQYmTxO?accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fus02web.zoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FjyASCOhdAXw1TwL74NF9-ireuWKkq-fiyDijE0DRy7nfKVrOxTrHbc-OH0m9X88I.vErihe8r7Rc5UUgU[Meeting recording] (1h10m)

== Attendees

* Ben Curtis, JLINC
* Drummond Reed, Gen Digital
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Gillan Ward
* Juan Caballero, DIF
* Jim Fournier, JLINC
* Kim Hamilton Duffy, DIF
* Luke Nispel, OriginVault
* Mohamed Badr Taddist, EBU
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Otto Mora, Privado ID
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Phillippe Rixhon, Valunode
* Victor Grey, JLINC

== Meeting notes

=== New members introduction

* ðŸŽ¥ _5'13":_ Mohamed Badr Taddist, EBU
* ðŸŽ¥ _6'05":_ Ben Curtis, JLINC
* ðŸŽ¥ _6'37":_ Jim Fournier, JLINC
* ðŸŽ¥ _6'54":_ Gillan Ward

=== Review previous action items

ðŸŽ¥ _8'04":_ Reviewed previous action items.

*ACTION:* Eric agreed to add a note to PR 211 clarifying that if a validator stops processing at the first failure, there may be other undetected failures. â†’ Carry over.

=== PR #223: Add reference to standardized DID methods from W3C and DIF

ðŸŽ¥ _8'33":_ Reviewed link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/223[PR #223: Add reference to standardized DID methods from W3C and DIF].

*OUTCOME:* See discussion under #211 as they are attempting to do similar things.

=== PR #211: Add instructions for identity claims aggregation validators

ðŸŽ¥ _11'21":_ Reviewed link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/211[PR #211: Add instructions for identity claims aggregation validators].

*ACTION:* Eric, Otto, and Juan to discuss merging language with Otto's proposal in #223. Once we've agreed, approved to merge this PR.

=== PR #219: Add JSON Schema document

ðŸŽ¥ _24'46":_ Reviewed link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/219[PR #219: Add JSON Schema document]. Looking for expertise in reading JSON Schema.

*OUTCOMES:* Reviewed changes made by Luke Nispel to refactor the schema document and correct a few minor errors. Removed incorrect statement that `id` field is required.

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to merge PR 219.

*ACTION:* Luke to submit a PR adding a JSON-LD context document.

=== PR #217: Fix typo: use `gathered_assertions` instead of `generated_assertions`

ðŸŽ¥ _33'57":_ Deferred discussion link:https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/217[PR #217: Fix typo: use `gathered_assertions` instead of `generated_assertions`] until the DIF IPR agreements are signed by EBU.

*ACTION:* Eric to follow up with Badr to ensure IPR agreement is signed before proceeding.

=== Naming co-chairs

ðŸŽ¥ _35'45":_ Discussed adding co-chairs for the CAWG. This process will commence after IIW.

*ACTION:* Eric to work with Kim and Juan to determine the process.

*ACTION:* Members who have an interest in serving as co-chair or in influencing the process should reach out to Eric, Kim, or Juan between now and IIW.

=== FedID demo

ðŸŽ¥ _38'22":_ Ben Curtis led a demo and discussion about link:https://fedid.me[FedID].

Ben explained that FedID is an identifier and identity management solution built under the MIT no-surveillance license, initially designed to support identity management within ActivityPub. He demonstrated how two servers interact when managing DIDs in a federated fashion versus a blockchain fashion, and how user control keys are used instead of standard username passwords and explained the idea of a DID that can be used regardless of the data store location.

_(Link to presentation to be added later.)_
