= 26 January 2026

https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/pwN8xkkgRavRNqcJ7EDKCyExTwD7h4sCZvL68NO9B5kJRYjABXKuUNJNnXRhZ8Cl.JmTR7UXhT4SeblPZ[Meeting recording] (1h11m)

== Attendees

* Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa
* Bill Huang, Trufo
* Charlie Halford, BBC
* Dom Guinard, SSL.com
* Drummond Reed, First Person Project
* Eric Scouten, Adobe
* Esteban Garcia
* Gavin Peacock, Adobe
* John Carlucci, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity
* Jenny Pretz, DDEX/RIAA
* Jeremy Uzan, Universal Music
* Karla McKenna, GLEIF
* Leonard Rosenthol, Adobe
* Luke Nispel, OriginVault
* Marcos Armstrong, CBC/Radio-Canada
* Makki Elfatih, HKDolts
* Matt Ford
* Nicholas Salvemini, Adobe
* Nigel Earnshaw, BBC
* Peleus Uhley, Adobe
* Philippe Mougin, AFP
* Philippe Rixhon, JPEG Trust
* Richard W. Kroon, EIDR
* Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute
* SÃ©bastien Testeau, CBC/Radio-Canada
* Utkarsh Sharma, Vlinder
* Vasily Suvorov, accelerate.swiss
* Victor Grey, JLINC
* Will Kreth, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

== Meeting notes

=== New members introduction

* ðŸŽ¥ _2'53":_ SÃ©bastien Testeau, CBC/Radio-Canada
* ðŸŽ¥ _5'59":_ John Carlucci, HAND (Human & Digital) Identity

=== First Person Partner Workshop

ðŸŽ¥ _4'01":_ Drummond gave a description of the First Person Partner workshop, which is happening later this week and also the Summit on Human Agency to be held on 23 February in Napa, California.

=== Review previous action items

ðŸŽ¥ _6'49":_ Reviewed action items from previous meeting xref:2026-01-12.adoc[]:

* *ACTION (âœ…):* Group to add language to UX guidance doc to address Pierre Mougin's concern that we have two potential locations to state publisher identity (metadata assertion vs identity assertion). -> DONE (see later in agenda)
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to mark UX guidance document as WG approved and submit to DIF SC for ratification. -> DONE (awaiting SC response)
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to mark org ID profile document as WG approved and submit to DIF SC for ratification. -> DONE (awaiting SC response)
* *ACTION:* Scott to request rights to use the ToIP TF work on high-availability VIDs in the CAWG context.
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to coordinate with Andrew to ensure that previous work on VC/VP work is an active PR against main. -> DONE (see later in agenda)
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to merge PR #250 (refer to C2PA 2.3). -> DONE
* *ACTION:* Eric to work with each of the TF chairs to set up meeting times. -> Awaiting DIF staff response
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to revise the identity assertion as framework document to incorporate feedback received. -> DONE
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to publish https://cawg.io/about/identity-framework/[identity assertion as framework document]. -> DONE
* *ACTION:* Charlie to confer with team at BBC about future of endorsement assertion and suggest next steps.
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to draft a PR that adds language to metadata assertion regarding potential duplication of information. -> DONE
* *ACTION:* Charlie to file new issue suggesting a closer linkage between the CAWG identity framework `signer_payload.role` field and the Dublin Core metadata fields used in the CAWG metadata assertiopn.
* *ACTION:* Eric and Charlie to talk offline and then perhaps bring a proposal to the group.
* *ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to propose a PR that makes this explicit. -> DONE (see later in agenda)

=== Update on JPEG Trust collaboration

ðŸŽ¥ _8'55":_ Leonard gave an update on the JPEG Trust Committeeâ€™s work, highlighting the progress and upcoming publication of the second edition of JPEG Trust Part 1, which integrates concepts of authorship, ownership, and rights. He explained the standardâ€™s interlinking components, including CAWGâ€™s identity and metadata assertions and ODRL, and demonstrated how these elements can be utilized in real-world scenarios. Leonard also introduced JPEG Trust Part 2, which offers trust indicator sets, profiles, and reports, and mentioned a reference implementation in Java that supports COG assertions. The discussion concluded with an overview of how various standards and initiatives are coming together to create a connected ecosystem for content credentials and rights management.

xref:attachment$2026-01-26/lrosenthol-jpeg-trust.pdf[Leonard's slide deck (PDF)]

=== Review metadata assertion PR #10: Avoid duplication of information between identity and metadata assertions

ðŸŽ¥ _21'57":_ Review https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/10[PR #10: Avoid duplication of information between identity and metadata assertions].

*ACTION (âœ…):* Eric to withdraw this PR. 

*ACTION:* Eric to draft a new PR to explicitly explicitly encourage the use of `self#jumbf` references as shown in Leonardâ€™s presentation

=== Ratify metadata assertion 1.2?

ðŸŽ¥ _36'33":_ Given outcome of PR #10, is metadata ready to ratify?

*OUTCOME:* Not ready to ratify.

=== Readout from trust task force

ðŸŽ¥ _37'04":_ Scott gave a readout from the trust task force meeting that happened last week. The meeting covered how the work of the https://ayra.forum/[Ayra Foundation] and https://lf-toip.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HOME/pages/22987378/Trust+Registry+Task+Force[Trust Over IPâ€™s Trust Registry Task Forc] and how these efforts might help CAWG establish communities of trust for content creators.

=== Review identity assertion PR #251: Add network traffic policy

ðŸŽ¥ _39'22":_ Reviewed https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/251[PR #251: Add network traffic policy], based on discussion from last week.

*ACTION:* Eric to revise PR to introduce a new status code for validators to use when their network configuration or policy prohibits verification of credentials.

=== Review identity assertion PR #252: W3C verifiable credential support

ðŸŽ¥ _43'36":_ Preliminary read of https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/252[PR #252: W3C verifiable credential support]. Will discuss at length in task force to be started soon.

We expect this to be a long-running effort. The current draft will be published at https://cawg.io/identity/1.3-draft+vc-vp/ for the duration of this effort.

=== did:unconf conference

ðŸŽ¥ _46'35":_ Eric will be attending https://didunconf.africa[did:unconf Africa] in Cape Town, South Africa, next month. Any topics / questions that CAWG would like to bring to that conference?

=== Triage open issues for CAWG identity assertion 1.3

ðŸŽ¥ _47'57":_ Reviewed https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/issues[44 open issues] against CAWG identity assertion spec. Sorted into 1.3, post-1.3, or won't do.

*ACTION:* Eric to convert notes placed in issues to milestones assigned to the various task forces that are spinning up.
