= 23 February 2026

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

Welcome and W3C IPR reminder

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

=== Checking in on task force formation - VC/VP Task Force - I haven't heard meeting times yet. Status update?

https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/254[identity assertion PR #254: Move VC to §8.3 and change section title].
*ACTION (✅):* Eric to merge PR. -> ✅ DONE

=== Trust Task Force
Jenny Pretz Music Industry Model

=== Topic 2
Building out Interoperability Test Suites

=== AOB
