= 09 February 2026

== Meeting recording

A link to the meeting recording will be provided after the meeting.

== Attendees

== Agenda

=== Start meeting

Welcome and W3C IPR reminder

include::partial$upcoming-meeting-changes.adoc[]

=== New members introduction

=== Review previous action items

* *ACTION:* Eric to withdraw metadata PR #10: Avoid duplication of information between identity and metadata assertions. -> ✅ DONE

* *ACTION:* Eric to draft a new metadata PR to explicitly explicitly encourage the use of `self#jumbf` references as shown in Leonard’s presentation. -> ✅ DONE (will discuss later)

* *ACTION:* Eric to revise identity PR to introduce a new status code for validators to use when their network configuration or policy prohibits verification of credentials. -> ✅ DONE (will discuss later)

* *ACTION:* Eric to convert notes placed in issues to milestones assigned to the various task forces that are spinning up. -> ✅ DONE (will discuss later)

=== Checking in on task force formation

I haven't heard meeting times yet. Status update?

=== Review metadata assertion PR #11: Update to reference C2PA 2.3 and CAWG identity 1.2

Discuss https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/11[metadata assertion PR #11: Update to reference C2PA 2.3 and CAWG identity 1.2].

=== Review metadata assertion PR #12: Add section on referencing the named actor from an identity assertion

Discuss https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-metadata-assertion/pull/12[metadata assertion PR #12: Add section on referencing the named actor from an identity assertion].

=== Metadata assertion spec ready to finalize?

Based on above PRs, are we ready for working group approval on metadata assertion 1.2?

=== Review identity assertion PR #251: Add network traffic policy

Discuss https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/251[identity assertion PR #251: Add network traffic policy].

=== Review identity assertion PR #254: Move VC to §8.3 and change section title

Discuss https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/254[identity assertion PR #254: Move VC to §8.3 and change section title].

=== Review identity assertion PR #255: Rework W3C VC introductory section

Discuss https://github.com/decentralized-identity/cawg-identity-assertion/pull/255[identity assertion PR #255: Rework W3C VC introductory section].

=== AOB
